EMPORIA, KANSAS.
SATURDAY, JANUARY 30, 1864.
LATEST WAR NEWS.
There is no news of inipoitance in'our
latest exchanges. There baa been some
skirmishing in various portions of the South,
but no fighting of any moment.
A dispatch eays a staff officer from Knox-
rille brings information that Longstreet, re
inforced by 20,000 men, was advancing on
Knoxville, driving Gen. Granger's force be
fore him. It was thought oar army would
be compelled to fall back to the entrench
ments of Knoxville.
It was reported that John Morgan, with
5,000 'cavalry wa3 preparing to make a
movement to cut off communication below
Knoxville and Chattanooga, or to make a
Taid in Kentucky.
It is positively stated that the Govern
ment is in receipt of additional information
of another contemplated attack by rebels in
Canada, on Johnson's Island. It appears
the Canadian authorities are considerably
alarmed respecting the matter. The Gov
ernment has already taken the necessary
steps by placing a military and naval force
at proper points to prevent an occurrence of
this kind.
A Louisville dispatch lo the Gazette,
says 'the city is filled with rumors of an in
tended rebel raid into Eastern Kentucky.
It is said they they will enter the State at
three' different points.
Advices from Washington say interest
ing information has been received by Gov
ernment that the feelings soth. are decided
ly in favor of an exchange of prisoners.
Rumor cayc the British minister will di
rect the consulate of New York to lay be
fore the House Uommittee a document in
his possession, which will direct investiga
tion into the acta of parties not now promi
nent, in the Custom House frauds, blockade
running, &amp;c.
Reports are still in circulation that Rich
mond is being evacuated.
A party of 100 dismounted guerrillas
made a night attack on Col. Switzler's brig
ade, 5th corps, army of the Potomac,
wounding fire or six of our men. Eight
dead rebels were left on the ground, the
guerrillas having been repulsed.
Two blockade runners, the Bendigo and
Hero, were recently captured off Wilming
ton and destroyed.
Advices from Texas state that much mu
tiny exists among the lebel soldiers in the
Western part of that State. Magruder was
concentrating his forces on Brazos River,
thirty miles from the coast and entrenching.
1 .MAJOR PLUMB.
This gallant officer ha3 been among us,
for the last few days, visiting his many
friends in thi3 vicinity. The Major is cow
stationed at Huinboldt with a number, of
companies of the Eleventh and Fifteenth,
having command of this southern section
of country. He is looking remarkably
well, and assures us his health was never
better. Success attend him wherever he
may go. .
THE
BORDER COUNTIES OF MIS
SOURI. The creation of the Department of Kan
sas leaves the border counties of Missouri
open to the re-settlement of guerrillas and
their friends. The orders of Gen. Brown
(the new commander), calling back the
loyal "inhabitants, are well understood by
those who know the man-and his policy.
If the banished population of the border ia
permitted to return (they are all loyal,)
there is no jeace to Kansas. If the Paw
Paw militia cross to guard the line (as is
contemplated,) we may expect to see our
towns sacked and citizens murdered next
summer. We must have a material guar
antee for the 6afety of Kansas. The only
one we know of is in the possession of the
infested district. The counties of Jackson,
Cass and Bates should be held by Kansas
troops, since the only refuge for guerrillas
within seventy or eighty miles of our bor
der is in the counties named. Those coun
ties should belong to the "Department of
Kansas, and mu.it be, if we are to be pro
tected at all. The leyal men of that sec
tion all desire it, and Kansas should assist
by all means in defending men of such in J
tegrity of purpose, and at the same time
maintain her own peace. Conservative.
Just so, Mr. Conservative. Before you
aa -our political confreres secured a "aep
arateDepl'utment or Kansa3" tne Border
Counties of JWasouri the Kansas
District and garnned br Kansas: troops,
the very thing you ay " necessary to
the peace of the Border i "VVe see the drift
of this. It is the Conservative' break-water
against possible disasters on the Border
during the comiDg Beason. Hereafter, all
border troubles are to be charged not upon
the . military administration of affairs, as
heretofore, but to the circumstance that th
two aides of the Border are in different Pe-
..na rnsnlt which, the creatioSt of
BIIWCUW
the Department of Kansas brought abotit.
We sincerely hope that there may ba peace
oa the Border uader Gen. Curtis adminis
tration. He shall hive our cordial support
to this. end. But if trouble comes to Kan
eas as the effect of this creation of the De
partment of Kansas -for political purposes,
w shall do our part. to see that the respon
sibility falls "here it belongs. No Bxich
dodge as the above from the Conservative
will avail.
THE GOVERNOR'S MESSAGE.
It may be thought rather a late day to
comment on this important document. We
do not propose to do-o except in two par
ticulars. These are the recommendations
in relation to the pardoning power, and sol
diers voting.
In both these the recommendations of
the Governor are, as we think excellent.
The pardoning power is vested by our
constitution in the executive under regula
tions and restrictions prescribed by law.
There has been no regulations and restric
tions prescribed by our Legislature the
law making power and it would seem that
the pardoning power is dormant until some
action is taken on the subject by the Leg
islature. And such, we believe, is the view
taken by some of the best lawyers' in the
.state. If this be correct it presents a case
which should be at once remedied, and the
Legislature should take immediate action on
the subject. Very many cases might occur
in which it would be advisable and proper
that the pardoning power should be exer
cised, and if the Governor is powerless to
act, much inconvenience or suffering might
result. In justice to the Governor it should
be said that he has very carefully and spar
ingly exercised this prerogative, which was
at least doubtful.
The question a3 to what right3 our vol
unteer soldiers are entitled to in relation to
the elective franchise, may be briefly stated.
We believe it is the opinion of lawyers, or
of many of them, that the lesral status of
volunteers is that of militia of the State, in
me service oi me united &amp;ta:.es, ana as
such are entitled to vote at all elections in
the voting precinct where their residence
may be. The plain intent of our destitu
tion seems to be to require the personal
presence of the voter at the place at which
he offers his vote. Th"i3 would of course
debar the volunteer in most cases from vo
ting, and would render any law passed by
the Legislature authorizing the taking the
vote of soldiers away from home unconsti
tutional and void. The only way to remedy
this is by constitutional amendment. This
should be dons at once, and we see that our
Legislature is taking the proper 6tep3 to
bring the matter before the people. Surely
our soldiers who are bravely fighting in de
fence of tieir country, should not be de
barred fromexercising the dearest right of
freemen.
Carney and hia bought-up newspapers
have been saying for months past that he,
Tom Carney, wa3 protecting the border by
money paid out of hi3 own pocket. The
Leavenworth Times (owned by Carney) has
said this, the Lawrence Journal, alias To
peka Tribune (owned by Carney) has said
this, the Emporia New3 (owned by Carney)
has Eaid this and so on with all the mer
cenary and miscreant press.
We take the above extract from a recent
number of the Leavenworth Conservative.
What we have published in the News in
relation to the protection of the border by
the Governor, has been published a3 a part
of the current news of the day, and our re
collection is that an article on the subject
published by us, wa3 clipped from the Con
servative itself. The scribbler probably
the immaculate D. W. himself who wrote
the foregoing extract asserts, a3 will be ob
served, that the Emporia News is owned by
Gov. Carney, " though deep, perchance, the
villain lied" when he said so, and he knew
it. That the News is owned or controled,
or in any way influenced, by any one ex
cept ourselves, is simply untrue. The peo
ple in .this community support a paper and
take a pride in so doing. This relieves us
from the necessity of levying black mail in
order to sustain a sickly existence, a3 some
papers we wot of are forced to do. When
ever you desire this question brought up
again just mention it.
In a late Kansas paper we see a letter
purporting to convey the opinion of an U.
S. Senator from New England, upon the
question of a Senatorial election in this State
at the present cession of the Legislature.
Without expressing any opinion upon the
legality or otherwise of an election h3d now,
we do say that we'tbink it would he in much
better taste for Senators from other States,
to attend to matters in their own localities,
and let us here in Kan?a3 regulate our own
affairs, which we are abundantly able to do,
whether in Law, Politics or Religion, as the
past has fchown. By what we have said,
we do not wish to be understood as endors
ing a Senatorial election at thia time. We
have repeatedly expressed our opinion
through the columns of the News, a3 being
opposed to 6uch a course. We merely wish
to protest against what seems to be unwar
rantable outside' interference. We repeat,
the people of Ksusm are entirely competent
to attend to all matters ihich concern them
selves. Various rumors are in circulation in the
East, relative to the arrival which is learn
ed through private sources of another
agent of the French Emperor, in Rich
mond. It is supposed he is sent to nego
tiate an alliance with the rebels, by which
the French are to recognize the indepen
dence o the Confederacy, and the rebels in
return are to recognize the empire in
Mexico.
The War Department ha decided that
volunteers 'who Lave eered, . Xaithfully two
yurs are entitled to the bounty proyi J
the act of July 22d.
FROM TOPEItA.
Correspondence of Thk News.
, Topeka, Kajt.. Jan. 19th, 1864.
The resolution introduced by Mr. Esk
ridge, eulogistic of Col. Cloud of the Second
Regiment Kansas Volunteer Cavalry. v and
requesting the President to promote him
to a Brigadier General, wa3 considered yes
terday morning. Most of the forenoon was
spent thereon. A dozen or two amend
ments were offered, adding the names of as
many Colonels. This, of course, was done
in order to kill the thing. Several motions
were made, which if adopted, would have
knocked 'the resolution into a cocked hat,
but they all failed. After a lengthy discus
sion, the resolution was finally, on motion
of Mr. Eskridge, referred to a special com
mittee pf three. The chair appointed Messrs.
Eskridge, Reynolds and , such com
mittee. I do not think the resolution will
be adopted. It is argued that it would be
wrong to hu3 mate a distinction among
our brave Colonels, and that it would have
no effect with the President, inasmuch as
he already ha3 information from official
sources a3 to whom are deserving of pro
motion. t
In the afternoon, the resolution introduced
by Mr. Orem of Doniphan, to submit an
amendment of the constitution to a vote of
the people, striking out the word white, so
as to allow colored men to vote, Sam. Wood
moved to strike out the word " male, so
as to confer upon women the right of suf
frage. Mr. Pickering of Woodson, made a few
eloquent and well-timed remarks against
the resolution. He was decidedly opposed
to negro suffrage.
Judge Wakefield said that although it
WK3 true, that, as had been said, the color
ed men had fought bravely, yet they were
fighting for their liberties ; but if you allow
them to vote now, before they learn the
laws, you are going too fast. He thought
there would be danger of negro voters be
ing bought up by unprincipled office 6eekers.
He believed Mr. Wood's amendment to be
intended for a,joke." We had better educate
the blacks before we allow them to vote.
The Judge concluded his remarks by ad
monishing members to go sloto on this sub
ject to think seriously and be cautious.
Mr. Wood said that if they though this
amendment was intended as a joke, they
were mistaken. He wa3 in earnest. He
wa3 willing to have it go out that if we are
to let negroes vote, he was willing to confer
the 6ame right on women. With regard to
allowing negroes to vote, if he consulted his
own feelings, he should vote for the propo
sition ; but if he consulted his constituents,
he should vote against1 it. So far a3 I am
concerned, I do not, by going to the polls
and voting, equalize myself with them. It
ha3 nothing to do with social equality. I
do not partake of the fears of so'me that leg
islation i3 necessary in order to keep the
white man above the negro.
Mr. Ellis of Miami, spoke against negro
suffrage.
Mr. McBride of Johnson, said he came
here instructed upon the subject. He op
posed the resolution. .
Discussion wa3 continued until time to
adjourn. The resolution wa3 finally refer
red to the Judiciary Committee All at
tempts to get rid of this thing without ta
king a direct vote thereon, having failed,
members will probably yet have the blessed
opportunity to record their votes for or
against, before many days. Good!
This morning, House Joint Resolution
No. 1, to change Sections 1 and 3 of Arti
cle 5 of the Constitution, to allow soldiers
to vote, came up among the general orders.
Mr. Rogers of Osage, moved that- it -be
made the special order for two weeks from
to-day. He said that within that time a de
cision of the Supreme Court would be ren
dered, a3 to whether our volunteers now
have the right lo vote. The motion pre
vailed. Eighty-three bills have already been in
troduced. This will be a working session.
Railroad caucuses are numerous. Your
Senator and Representatives are untiring
workers. Mr. Maxson in particular i3 com
pletely wrapt up in railroad scemes.
. Yours .in haste, D.
Topeka, Jan. 25th, 1864.
P. S. Mr. Eskridge's bill to organize
the State Normal School, was recommend:
ed to pass, in Committee of the Whole to
day. Also, An Act to establish a Geologi
cal Survey of the State. It authorizes the
Governor to appoint a State . Geologist, who
shall visit every county of the State, and
classify the rocks and analize the various
soils and report by the 1st of December,
1864.
It provides that 83500 shall be the max
imum expense. The bill will pass to-morrow.
A resolution has passed the Senate to ad
journ on the 15:h cf February.
A bill was ordered to be engrossed to-day
in Committee of the Whole, limiting the
power of County Commissioners ; provi
ding that it shall be unlawful for them to
levy a tax for county purposes, greater than
five mills on the dollar.
The number of bilte now introduced is
about 150.
Yours.
D.
Senator P. Baxter, of Kentucky, was
burned to death at Frankfort, last week.
The Design of Popular Education.
Many, glancing at this heading, may re
gard the inquiry suggested a3 both simple
and absurd. "The design of popular edu
cation why it is for the education of the
masses! What more can it be?" But
why should the ; masses be educated ?
What important purposes will be secured
by such a diffusion of knowledge ? That
question being answered, another follows
How much education ought the masses to
have ? It is no uncommon thing for many
to associate a good education, with indol
ence or skill in the arts of crime. One in
dividual, and he a pauper, some time since
was sadly complaining of the degeneracy
of the age : "I don't know what will be
come of the boys ! They are all for getting
so much learning. I'm 'fraid they won't
be able to take care of themselves." An
other suggested the idea that great scoun
drels were sometimes educated, consequent
ly education teas dangerous. Others take
the ground that if an. individual knows how
to do common business and make money,
"he is all right," and anything more
would be superfluous. This latter idea of
ten takes thi3 form "It i3 well enough for
professional men to be well educated, but
for a farmer or mechanic, it is an absurdity
and pure folly." - . .
Now, as the common; school is the col
e ge for the masses, how extensive should
be the routine of study prescribed; and -at
what point should an individual be gradu
ated and regarded a3 fitted for the duties of
common men and women ? Now, as a mat
ter of fact, many men and women get
through the world without being able to
read or write at all, accumulate property and
indeed are called smart. This shows that
a knowledge of letters is not a condition for
procuring subsistence what need, then, of
any education at all ? At least, why need
we have free schools ? It is better to 6ave
the expense and follow the plan that, for the
most part, has been pursued in slave States,
discard free schools, and let., those who
want an education pay for it themselves.
The common opinion, however, is that an
individual ought to be'" able to read and
write, and keep accounts. These are re
garded as essential to. common business
men ; and along with these, a little , of ge
ography and grammar will not come amiss.
With these views, then, the main end of
life i3 to acquire property. Except that
property ministers to human comfort, what
nobler aim has the man than the wood rat
in collecting a huge pile of rubbish !
But is it not desirable, at least, that a
young man or woman should know some
thing of their own system, and the laws of
health, even though they are but "common
people?" Then we want physiology. Is it
not, also, desirable that our youth should
understand the history of our country,
and its form of government, especially as
the government is vested in the people ?
Then we want the history of the United
States in our common schools. But it will
not injure our boys and girls to understand
something of the laws of nature, of gravi
tation, of the thunder, of the rainbow,
electricity, facts and phenomena of hourly
observation, and principles embodied in ev
ery piece of machinery, from the boy's
wind-mill or water wheel, up to the steam
engine. These are all simple and easy of
comprehension. Certainly, what young
man or woman would not wish to under
stand these ? Then we should have natur
al philosophy in our common schools.
I have suggested nothing more than ev
ery intelligent boy or girl may, and ought
to acquire, at the common school. What
parent would not be glad to have his child
ren not only understand arithmetic or geo
graphy, but be able to speak and write cor
rectly ; to understand the principles of
forces.as applied to machinery ; electricity,
magnetism, laws of light and heat, of dew,
rain, and hail, facts and principles pertain
ing to every day life ?
The only question with many in regard
to this would be, whether so much can be
accomplished in our common schools. Un
hesitatingly I answer, most assuredly it can.
Some might suppose that the introduction
of such aivariety of studies would distract!
and lead to the neglect of reading and
spelling, departments which, under no cir
cumstances, should be. slighted. This evil
will not follow with an instructor that un
derstands his business ; and, besides, the
graded school system should be introduced
wherever practicable, thereby enabling the
pupil to advance' as . far as he may desire
even to fitting for tLe first or. second years
standing in any of our colleges. But our
common district schools ought to offer op
portunities for accomplishing all that ha3
been suggested. The legal limitations of
time, between the age3 of five and twenty
one years, is more than sufficient to any in
dividual unles,3 deficient in mental capacity.
The course proposed is, I am aware, much
more than is usually accomplished ; but the
simple reason is thatour teachers have been
incompetent, not from want of natural abil
ity,' nor always a vrant of knowledge,-but
from a want of knowing how to teach; and
this deficiency has been occasioned from a
want of sufficient encouragement, and means
for teachers to qualify themselves for their
work. ' In a subsequent paper thi3 topic
will be more fully illustrated. M.
Amoncr the novelties of trade is the re
ceipt of tobacco in the New Orleans market
from L-onnecucui.
Great Fire in Eeaven worth.
The only important fire here for three
years occurred yesterday forenoon in
Stockton's Hall the Union Ineatre build
ing -on the corner of Delaware and Fourth
streets. It broke out between 11 and 12
o'clock, and lasted about two hours. The
losers are :
John Mitchell, of Cincinnati, Stock
ton's Hall value $10,000. No insurance.
-W. H. Coolidge &amp; Co., drug store in
same building, 5,000. No insurance
George Umemethum, one of our best citi
zens, was a partner in the business, and has
lost heavily. y
Ashton &amp; Co., liquor store and pack
ing establishment, in same building ; whole
value 10,000 part of the pork and stock
saved. JNo insurance.
A. S. Addis, Theatre fixtures in second
story; value 81,000. No irsurance
Mr. Cooler's Saloon, Bame builing
500. No insurance.
J. B. Laing. glass in building opposite,
51,500; partly insured.
Mayflower Saloon, kept by Mr. McGov-
ern, totally consun;ed.:
The building south of Stockton's Hall
wholly burned. Occupied by Addis and
Trady. The adjoining building was pulled
down. Occupied by Mr. Molntne, Mr
.Weill and Mrs. terry.
The above buildings covered the burned
district. The furniture was mostly re
moved from the houses. The buildings east
of the Hall caught fire several times bu
was FHved. It was occupied by Mrs. Do
rah Ivohn who, with Mr. T;. U. Jenkin, nex
door, sustained losses in' the removal o
goods. Others on Delaware and Fourth
streets lost in the same way. At one time
there was great excitement in the whole
vicinity, and everybody prepared to' move
Had the lumber yard caught fire a million
dollars worth of property would have gone
with it.
The whole loss, as it was, will reach abou
630,000. Coolidge &amp; Co., and Ashton &amp;
Co., are the principal losers among our
citizen?.
The fire 13 believed to have caught nea
the stage of the Theatre. Thi3 is the sec
ond Theatre burned in this city, and it will
probably be many months beiore we hav
another.
On the whole, the fire was a fortunate
one, considering how destructive it mirh
have been, and how great the alarm W33 at
one time.
The citizens turned out en matse, and
worked with the greatest energy. There
was the usual difficulty about getting water.
lhe lire ha3 learned us many imporlan
lessons, which the City Council should im
mediately attend to. Leav. Conservative
26th inst.
The Mobile Register of a late date in
dulses in this plain talk : In addition to
200,000 stragglers it is demanded that nine
tenths of the producers be put in the field
and women and children and dotfirds be left
alone to clothe and feed an army. In othe
words, we want everybody to go into an
army already naked, hungry and ill equip
ped, and. nobody to supply them. Such
language as the above is pregnant with
meaning. It shows a lack of confidence in
the rebel government, and a growing disaf
fection among the people. Let this change
of sentiment continue to expand, and be
fore another year rolls round we will find
the rebel government without any visible
means of support.
A correspondent of the Boston Traveler,
writing from Newbern, N. C, says that in
formation had reached there that a call had
been issued at Raliegh for a State. Conven
tion, for the purpose of seceding from their
allegiance to the Southern Confederacy.
The writer eays Gov. Vance and nearly ev
ery leading man in the State desires to re
turn to the Union. He also eays an army
of 10,000 men, under Gen. Butler, could
march to Raleigh, take possession of the
capital, and free the State from the rule of
of traitors in one month. Such. an army
would receive an enthusiastic welcome there
and all along, the lino of march.
A letter to the World contains an extract
from a letter to a deserter from the 10th
South Carolina regiment, from hia sister,
stating that large amounts of machinery
and other heavy materials are being remov
ed from Richmond to Columbia. She be
lieves it looks like the evacuation of the
Confederate capital. This letter was dated
Dec. 16th. :
Rebel advices from Charleston say the
prospects of the rebels aTe discouraging.
Beauregard has expressed the opinion that
he cannot hold the cty much longer. Gil
more's guns are now in a position to reduce
the city to ashes.
Marshal Kane of Baltimore, and 13 Con
federate effioers, also Mosby, have es
caped - from Johnson's Island and Camp
Douglas, and passed through. Quebec on
the 25tb, en route for HalJifax.
Private advices from well informed quar
ters in Europe, state positively that the
Schwing Holstein question is about to be
settled peaceably.
Col. Fish, formerly Provost Marshal, of
Baltimore, wa3 confined in the Old Capitol
prison, on the 22d, on charges of fraud and
corruption. ;
, A Peruambuco letter, of Dec- 18tb, re
ports the Alabama and Tascaloosa at St.
Catherine.
Great activity prevails in the camps about
Indianapolis in organizing regiments and
brigades.
Three hundred rebel prisoners, from
Knoxville, arrived at Indianapolis last Saturday.
United States 5-20s.
JXHE Secretary of the Treasury has not yet
i givea notice of any intentioa to withdraw
thia popular loan from sale at par, and until ten.
days' notice is given the undersigned, as "Gene
ral Subscription Agent' will continue to supply
the public.
The -whole amount of the Loan authorized is
Fir TTnnHr? Million of Dollar. Nearly four
hundred millions have already leen rut-scribea for
and paid tnto Vie 2 reatury, mostly witflin seven
months past. I he lare demand from abroad, ana
the rapidly increasing home demand for use as
the "basis for circulation by National Banking
Associations now organizing in all parts of the
country, will, in a very short time, absorb the
balance. Sales have lately ranged irom ten to
to fifteen millions weekly, frequently exceeding
three millions daily, and asit is well kuownthat
the Secretary of the Treasury has ample and un
failing resources in the Duties on Imports and
Internal Revenue, and "in the issue of the Interest-bearing
Legal Tender Treasury Notes, it is
almost certainty that he wUl not find it necessary
for a long time- to come to seek a market for any.
other long or' permanent loans, the interest or
principal of -which are payable in GOLD.
Prudence and self interest must force the mind
of those contemplating the formath-n of National
Banking. Associations, as well'as the minds of .
all -who have idle money in their hands,' to the -;
prompt conclusion that they should lose no tima
in subscribing to thismost popular Loan. It
will soon be beyond their reach, and advance to"
a handsome premium, as was the result with the"
"Seven-Thirty" Loan, wken it was ail sold ond
could no louger'be subscribed for at par.
It is a six per cent Loan, the Interest and Prin
cipal payable in Coin, thus yielding over Nine
per cent, per annum at the present rate of prom-
mm on com. - - -
The Government requires all duties on import
to be pain in Coin; thtso duties have for a long
time past amounted to over a Quarter of a Mil
lion of Dollars daily, a sum nearly three times
greater than that required in the payment of the
interest ,pn all the 5-20s and other permanent
loans. -So that il is honed that the surplus coin
in the Treasury at. no distant day will enable th
United States to resume specie payments on all
liabilities. -
The Loan is called 5-20 from the fact thai
whilst the Bonds may run for 29 years, yet the
Government has a right to pay them off in Gold,
at par, at any time aftr 5 year.
THE INTEREST IS 1'AID HALF YEAR
LY, vis: on the 1st daj-s of November and Afar.
Subscribers can have Coupon Bonds, which
are payable to bearer, and are $50, $100, $50 J,
and $1,000; or Registered Bonds of same denom-.
inations, and in addition $5,000 and $10,000.
For Banking purposes and for investment of
Trust 'moneys the Registered Bonds are prefer
ab'.e." These 5 20s cannot be taxed by States, cities,
towns, or counties; the Government tajf on them
is only one-and-a-half per cent, on the amount of
ihconie, when the income of the holder exceeds
Six Hundred Dollars per annum; all oter in
vestments, such as income from Mtrtgajes, Rail
road Stock and Bonds, etc., must pay from three
to five p r cent, tax on the income.
Bunks and Bankers thiougliout the country
will continue to dispose of the Bonds; and all
ordere by mail, or otherwise, promptly attended
to. . .
The inconvenience of a few days' delajT in lira
delivery of the Bonds is unavoidable, the de
mand being so great; but as interest commences
from the day ot mbscripiion no lues is occasion
ed, and every effoit is being made to diminish the
delay. . : ' JAY COQKE. ;
Subscription Agent, 114 South Third street,
Philadelphia. SCOTT, KER:fc CO., Agents,
Leavenworth, Kansas. jaulG
NEW CARRIAGE SHOP
IN F.3IPORI4.
C. II. BUND REM
JOULD inform the citizens of Lyon and ad
V joining counties that he has opened a
Carriage Shop in Emporia, -where he is prepaied
to make or repair -
CARRIAGES, BUGGIES AND WAGONS,
On the shortest notice and in a manner which
chall be satisfactory to all, and on terms which
sannot fail to suit the people.
PAINTING.
Particular attention will be paid to painting
Wagons, Carriages, Buggies, etc. He flatters him
self that he can fix up an old 'gohicle" bo nice
that the owner will hardly know it.
ID" Shop on Commercial street, next door to the
Drug Store. 291 C. H. BUNDREAI.
CHARLES C. HASSLES
Has 6pcned a
T AI L O R SHOP,
At Ierley's Store. Commercial St."
CLOTHES made to order, and CUTTING and
REPAIRING done on short notice.
All kinds of Country Produce taken in x
hauge for work. 262-74
R. L. FRAZEff,
Watchmaker and Jeweler,
DEALER in Watches, Clocks, Fine Jewelry,
Silver and Plated Ware, Revolvers, Fancy
Goods, . and Yankee Notions, Eldridge House
Lawrence, Kansas 57
JAMES P. APPLECATE,
DEALER in Cooking, Heating and Parlor
STOVES, Outfitting Goods, manufacture
of Tin, Copper and Sheet Iron Ware, at whole
sale, as low as in St. Louis. Tin Roofing, Gutter
ing, and all kinds of Jobbing to order. -
No. 40 Main street. Lnworth. KT
Notice to Creditors.
ALL persons indebted to the undersigned are
requested to come forward and settle their
accounts.' 31Ptf WASKEY &amp; HURST.
A Dun,
4 LL persons having unsettled accounts with
V the undrsigned will please settle the same
prior to January 5th, 1864.
dc26tf I. E.PERLEY, Agent.
PAI jSTI 1ST Gr.
GEORGE B. COOPER,
House, Sign &amp; Carriage Painter,
GLAZIER AND PAPER HANGER.
Shop under Masonic Hall, Commercial street,
EMPORIA, KANSAS. 303 ,
RICIIAKDS &amp; CHAMBEKLIN,
, i . : . pealer.in . ,
IRON, NAILS, CASTINGS, CIRCULAR MILL
. .SAWS,
Bubber Belting, Plows, &amp;c.
Corner Delaware and Third Streets,
LEAVENWORTH, KANSAS.
Nc n, lgf,l-ly.
HAETFOED COLLEGIATE INSTITUTE
XTOTICE. THK FIRST TERM OF THE
i HARTFORD COLLEGIATE INSTI
TUTE will commence on
WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 25th, 1863,
in charge of-
Mb. S. LEWIS as Principal, and
Mrs. HAWKS as Assistant.
A number of Students can be accommodated
with board at from $2 to $3 per week, in priraU
families.
By order of Board of Trustees- -J.
W. STEWART.
Acent Hartford Collegiate Institute.
Harlfor!, Not. 24th, 1863. tf