PRESBYTERIAN COLLEGE
valued Institution, after forty
odd years of succcessful work,
took on new life at the
Opening of the Session of 11)01-1902
Through the generosity of the citi
zens of Charlotte, a magnificent
building has been erected costing
&lt;85,000, finely furnished and equip
ped with every modern convenience.
Building.
A front of 320 feet, comfortable
Dormitories, perfect system of steam
heat, hot and cold baths on every
!l oor, only two girls assigned to a
room.
Gymnasium.
Room 60x40x16 1-2, equipped with I
fine apparatus of the Swedish sys-*"
For Catalogue, Address,
DURHAM CITY SCHORLS.
The Durham City schools founded ir
ISB2 are just completing the twentietl
year of their history. The schools begar
life in a large old wooden building which
had been used as a tobacco factory. In
this building the schools remained for
ten ywrs.
In ls!tj the Morelicad building, a niod
eru brick and stone school structure, with
J. A. MATHESON.
eighteen rooms, was erected at a cost
of $3Q,000. At the same time a commo
dious home was built for the colored
school. For seven years these buildings
accommodated the children of the town.
Jn 1899 the growing school demanded lar
ger quarters and in this year the Ful
ler school a beautiful brick and stone
building was erected at a cost of $12,000.
In 1001 the limits of the city were
extended and the school population was
greatly increased. Three more buildings
were made necessary, two for the white
and one for the colored pupils. The two
building for the whites, one of six rooms,
the other eight, were built of stone and
INDUSTRIAL DEPARTMENT, DURHAM GRADED SCHOOL.
brick as tho other buildings. These
buildings were built at a tost or $25,000. |
'1 he colored building of eight rooms was 1
built at a cost of SB,OOO.
The plant, including equipment and
school furniture, is valued at ninety
thousand dollars. There is no bolter
plant ir the country. The tax for the
schools is twenty cents, and the total
revenue from tho city will approximate
SIO,OOO.
The enrollment this year is forth”
white schools 1,400; for the • colored
schools 000, making a total of 2,300. In
INDUSTRIAL DEPARTMENT, DURHAM GRADED SCHOOL.
the white schools there arc four prin
cipals and thirty-throe teachers; in the
colored schools there arc two principals
and thirteen teachers.
The scholars are presided over by a
superintendent who is responsible to one
of the best school boards in North Caro
lina. The school has been fortunate in
ever having at its head a board com
TEN TEARS or EDUCATIONAL PROCRESS IN NORTH CAROUNA-RALEIGH, N. C, WEDNESDAY MORNING, JUNE 4, 1902.
i posed of gentlemen who are known for
, their business integrity, as well as their
devotion to the best interests of the peo
ple of Durham. The hoard as at present
constituted consists of J. y. Carr, chair
man: Geo. W. Watts, (\ W. Terns, W. H.
Rogers, Frank U Fuller, M. H. Jones.
The management has always striven to
keep the schools abreast of the very
best that, should be done in schools of this
grade. The Fuller, North Durham, end
lvdgemont buildings have each six grades;
tin Morehead school has the six grades
as the other three, and in addition, four
grades of the high school course into
which all th&lt;&gt; pupils come when they
have finisle d the first six grades.
In the high school, the course embraces
four years Latin. four years English
Language and Literature, four years
Mathematics, four years Science, four
years History, two years Greek, four
years Free-hand Drawing, two years Me
chanical Drawing, for the boys, four years
Manual Training in the work shop, for the
girls four years in Hooking and Sewing.
In the Latin department the pupils read
four books o£ Caesar’s Gallic Wars, four
of Cicero's Orations, four books Virgil's
Aeneid. A great amount of laitin compo
sition is done. In the Department of
Greek the pupils read three books of the
Anabasis with a thorough course in com
position.
In the English Department the Litera
ture required for college entrance, both
for special study and general reading, is
studied in class. In composition work
two or three themes are required from
each pupil each week.
In Mathematics the pupils complete
Arithmetic, Algebra and Geometry. In
History the pupils complete the History
of the United States, of England, of
North Carolina, and General History.
In Science, Geography, Political and
Physical are completed, and beginnings
made in chemistry and physics. In these
Ilrst two sciences, experiments such as
wc nave provided for are made in the lab
j ratory, and the pupils observe these and
| draw conclusions. Trying to give text
1 l ook ideas of these sciences is not the
plan. T!u’ aim is to train the power of
close and accurate observation and exact
thinking, it is training rather than ac
quirement of farts. In other words this
work is a continuation of the nature
work in the lower grades but for the
* fact that it is organize | science work.
1 In the work-shop the boys are taught
i to use tools with precision and skill.
! They make their models and execute
! them. In the cook room the girls are
| taught practical and scientific cooking.
I In the sewing room they learn to sew by
j sew ing.
In the Manual Training and Drawing
Departments the pupils begin drawing in
the first/grades and continue through the
tenth. Whittling begins iu the fifth
CHARLOTTE, N. C.
m$?W - " t\-
4' i.;V ; . v . . dj&lt;
wM /:; 0 :
1 lilt a i nW’’"/ - n W||| ii lllmlilij l |l\ fr Y V-"lyitsmi rW * J?’',tfr - = 'i#6r^lL v ' t ill iWrnr .9gj'Jr{£?jr u’ S'
• v|| ,#£ V' •- *■?**# jjO .s' •&gt; \ A' *
H- . ibß lf£iii" &gt;■'■•&lt;"&amp; ■ l)p iflßl'd' &gt;tr •£ ‘ i *3 *. .* &gt; t'jStiLgOrjjfT .»* ■*' „ __-, „■
ftmfw W
fran Illicit -\JMfI j*f ? BuOr^i
f JShhk 11 i &amp;» H ill lit 1 *&amp;
faM ll rag l. <r™hhr.e *="" -?="" .="" 13="" ;.:="" ?="" f="" h="" i="" jv="" mgst="" mu:="" »f="" ßi^fr="" •="" ■sw="">&gt; - ■■•■*.. -.:... &amp;k- . «t «• If - •■ IB MSmsSk ™*wk
WEST DURHAM GRADED SCHOOL.
r
J. E. FEGRAM.
grades and the shop-work continues J
through Hn tenth grade.
The sewing begins in the fifth grades.
The cooking begins in the seventh
grades. Doth these branches continue
through the tenth grade.
The colored schools have the same ad
vantages as the white schools. The high
school course is made more practical here
than is the course for the whites.
The school strives on the whole to
give a course which will nring to its
pupils richness and vigor of mental life
and at the same time it strives to teach
thoroughly those studies, a thorough un
derstanding of which must &lt; ver be the |
foundation of education.
J. A. MATHESON.
Superintendent, j
WESLEY CHAPEL GRADED
SCHOOL.
The only graded school in North Car- j
olina that is located in a distinctly conn- |
try district is the Wesley Chapel Graded \
School, seven miles from Monroe in Cnion
county. It was established under a
special charter, and the people unani
! inously yoted a special tax of JO cents |
BRUCE CRAVEN.
j on the sini* valuation of property and
I erected a two thou-an l dollar building,
j Under the superintendem y of Prof. Bruce
] Craven, the first term of the school was
| a great success, and at the commence
ment May 7lli, the address was deliv
ered by Governor Aycoek and the sermon
by Rev. T. I'. Marr. Prof. Craven is one
of the State t nsing young educators.
West Durham Graded School.
Rev. J- R BRIDGERS, D. D.
, Four years ago two public schools,
located in West Durham, were consoli
dated into one school. An elegant frame
building for the accommodation of seven
teachers and a chapel were erected.
The attendance more than trebled. The
average attendance with four teachers
before consolidation was about 100: after I
being formed into one school with ade- |
quate buildings the attendance was about
350, more than trebling itself. The school
has been graded with seven grades, do
ing parallel work with the city schools.
This is a county graded school without !
any local taxation. The school runs
nine months in the year with a cost of
$2,200.
This shows what can be done by con
solidating county schools, even without
local taxes.
J. E. PEGRAM.
West Durham, N. C., May o&lt;J, 1002.
m
* A F
sis «*.
r v ' JlfV'V, —v"'
if? l , C
zf MRjjn—,jl
' H maim-ou:iSisle
Vk; :j* grrirw '«rrv
240 Students, representing 4
States, 35 Counties. Elegant new
buildings. 25 Free Scholarships.
Positions furnished graduates. Ca
talogues free. Address?
W. T. WHITSETT, Ph. D.,
President, Whitsett. N. C.
Reidsvii.ee Academy.
i .
The chief educational institution of
Stanly county is the Albemarle graded
j school. It was established by a vote of
the people at the regular municipal elec
tion in May, 1899. At the same election
a tax of one dollar on the poll, and
thirty-three and a third mills on the dol
lar's worth of property was voted for the
; annual support of the school, and a bond
I issue of five thousand dollars for the pur-
L. L. STEVENS.
pose of erecting suitable School buildings.
The control of the school was vested
in a board of nine members. The char
ter members of this board as appointed
by the Legislature of 1899, were J. M.
Brown, chairman; W. T. Huckabee, sec
retary; I. W. Snuggs, J. W. Bostian, J.
A. Hathcock, A. S. Lentz, L. A. Moody,
S. H. Milton and S. H. Hearne.
Among the first acts of this Board of
Graded School Commissioners were steps
English and
Mathematical
Co-Educational
School.
Non-Sectarian.
B. S. POWELL,
Principal.
Rcidsvillc, N. C.
for WOMEN.
tern, under an experienced instruc
tor, with drills in marching by an
army officer.
Faculty.
Not a large crowd of untrained
teachers but specialists in each de
partment.
Standard.
Equal to the best Northern school s
thoroughness in work being ou r
aim.
Rates.
As low as the advantages offered
will justify.
Location.
In the centre of the city, nearly 80 O
feet above sea level, with oppor
tu nties of lectures and concerts.
ALBEMARLE GRADED SCHOOLS.
r". ... ... J ...
ALBEMARLE GRA DED SCHOOLS.
toward the erection of a graded school
building. A building committee consist
ing of Messrs. S. H. Hearne, L. A. Moody,
I. \V. Suuggs and S. H. Milton was ap
pointed to supervise the work of con
struction. The board sold the old acade
my building and then purchased the lot
that had been used by Prof. H. W. Spinks.
Early jn September, 1809, they began the
erection of a two-story brick school
building estimated to cost about seven
thousand dollars when furnished. During
the course of erection they purchased
three hundred single desks, fifty yards of
slated cloth black boarding, window
shades, maps, etc., for the complete
equipment of the school.
The first superintendent of the school
was Mr. VV. C. Lane, principal of the
graded school at High Point, N. C. Mr.
Lane was elected for one calendar year
and took charge of his office August Ist,
1800. Soon after election he made a se
lection of text-hooks and drafted a set of
regulations for the organization and gov
ernment of the school. His reports on
these matters were referred to eoinmit-
GOVEP.NOR WORTH ON PUBLIC EDU
CATION.
The Quak&lt; rs from the beginning w r ere
leaders in the educational life of North
Carolina. The late Governor Worth,
whose ancestors belonged to the Society
of Friends and who was educated at
Guilford College, was always an earnest
advocate of education. In his message
to the Legislature in the gloomy days
following the war, in 1883, he wrote:
“Whatever may be our pecuniary dis
tresses, our.youth MUST be educated. We
MUST sustain our institutions of learn-
I ins."
J
Happy is the man whose wife possesses
more prudence than vanity.
[ tees by the board, and afterwards adopted
j in detail.
On account of continued delay In the
[ construction of the building, the board
i decided to begin the first session of the
| graded school in rented quarters. The
; superintendent examined between October
; 22nd to 28th one hundred and sixty pupils,
; and gave them entrance cards, and copies
of regulations, etc. After dividing these
pupils into various sections and assign
ing them to the proper teachers, the
j school was formally opened October 28th,
! 1899.
Though this first session of the Aibe
j marie Graded School was conducted un
der the most unfavorable circumstances,
, yet it was a success.
The school was organized with nine
| grades and divided into three sections as
| follows- Primary Department, grades 1
and 2; Intermediate Department, grades
3,4, 5 and 6; High School, grades. 7, 8 and
9. Superintendent Lane was re-elected
for the second session of the school, but
being called to another field accepted, and
resigned the superintendency of the school
! during the summer of 1900.
The second session of the graded school
was begun in September, 1900, Mr. Jeffer
son Davis being elected In the meanwhile
to take Prof. Lane's place as superin
i tendent of the school. About two hun
| dred and fifty pupils entered the new
school building under the most favorable
auspices for a successful session. But
sickness and disease made so many ab
sentees during the spring months that
j the progress of the school was slightly
j retarded.
Mr. Davis being called to take charge
:of the schools at Mt. Airy, he accepted.
and I was elected to take his place a3
superintendent of the school.
About two hundred and fifty pupils have
atendf d regularly during the past session
and excellent work has been done. Five
lady teachers have assisted me during
the past session and all has been done
that could have been hoped for. Rapid
strides have been made in education iu
Albemarle during the past few’ years, sev
eral thousand dollars having been spent
for that purpose, coming solely from the
tax-payers. The majority are interested
in the education of their children, though
some are Indifferent. The educational re
vival that is taking hold of the State,
i has not permeated Stanly as well as I
would like for it to do. But the outlook
is hopeful, and we are planning great
things for Albemarle and our county.
We want a nine months’ session and more
pupils next year. And we believe that
the good people of this town and couuty
will not disappoint us.
LUKE LEARY STEVENS,
Supt. of City Schools.
Albemarle, N. C., May 30, 1002.
The true school house has a great work
to perform; and there must he a great
awakening for the cause of the schools.
The highest foundation is the God-like
process of recreation. The world re
joices at the birth of a soul —of a child—
whose training is a sacred matter. We
must educate the rising generation. It
is the highest duty and the loftiest privi
lege. Let education be neglected and all
that wv hold dear is lost; pursue the
policy of advanced education for one
generation and a new life will be seen.—
President H. L. Smith, of Davidson.
There are times when the truth is al
most as disagreeable as it is sublime.
Set your mind on the eggs of pleasure
and you will hatch remorse.'
23</r™hhr.e>