SAINT PAUL.
Friday Bfernlng___December 3, 1859.
PUBLISHED EVERT THURSDAY,
at the “ Pioneer Buildings," corner Third and Jackson
Streets, by
The iPioneer IPrintinfi: Company.
TERMS OF THE
WEEKLY PIONEER AND DEMOCRAT.
TO BE SENT TO ONE ADDRESS :
One copy, one year $ 2 00
Three copies, one year 5 00
Flvecopies, one year 8 00
Ten copies, one year 15 00
Twenty copies, one year, to one address... 20 00
Twenty copies, where each copy is direct
ed, (sl2oeach) 24 00
And a larger number, at the same rate of SI 00 per
year, with a copy gratis to the person getting up the Club
or each copy directed $l2O.
*•* All subscriptions must be paid in advance. No
paper sent until the money is received.
Address PIONEER PRINTING COMPANY, St. Paul.
Our Own State.
The Hastings Independent says they were
too fast closing navigation at that place.
The ice had gorged just above the city, but
a tew warm days rendered the gorge but
temporary, and now the passage is open for
boats from St. Louis to St. Paul. But few
boats are running however, the appearance
of the tew Boating fields of ice being suffi
cient to frighten steamboat men to a more
southern clime. The people of St. Paul
have been led to believe that the fears of
steamboatmen have been enhanced in some
instances by the reports given them in cities
below of the state of the river above.
The land sales terminated at Chatfield on
the 19th inst. The Democrat is informed
that but little land has been sold in conse
quence of the rule that all land bid off at a
public sale must be paid for in cash—there
fore most persons who are desirous of pur
chasing any lands thus offered and sold, can
do so in two weeks after the commencement
of the sale, and for which they can pay one
half in Land Warrants and the balance in
cash. Considerable business is anticipated
in the private entry of these lands alter the
close of this week.
The Mankato Record states that there
are forty pupils in daily attendance in the
graded school in that town. Messrs. An
drews &amp; Co., announce that they are man
ufacturing whisky at their new distillery.
It people will drink it, we think a home
made article, free from poisonous adultera
tion, is preferable to that at present in use.
Trapping promises to be quite profitable
this season, and an unusual number of per
sons are engaged at it. Pheasants are re
ported to be very plenty around Mankato.
The troops ordered to Jackson county, after
spending a few days in reconnoitering the
country around Spirit Lake, have returned
to the Fort, no Indians having been seen.
The Wabasha w Herald contains the fol
lowing sad accident in the town of Bear
Valley :
On Tuesday of last week Mrs. Cramp, an
elderly lady, residing with her son in the south
east part of town, went with him to Lake City,
arriving home something past midnight. The
son soon retired, leaving his mother sitting np.
In a short time he was aroused by her cries,
and en arising found that, either from being
overcome with sleep, or a fit, she had fallen
into the fire, in such a position as to burn her
head, neck, and shoulders in a shocking man
ner. She still remains in a critical situation,
but hopes are entertained of her ultimate re
covery.
0. 0. Hemphill, of the Chatfield Demo
crat, has recovered one hundred dollars of
H. W. Holley, of the Republican, in a suit
for libel.
We copy the following particulars of a
dreadful accident in Winona, from the
Republican :
On last Thursday afternoon onr community
was startled at the report of the burning of
Mr. Josne’s extensive Brewery, at the upper
end of our prairie, in the mouth of Gilmore
valley. The particulars of this appalling dis
aster, we obtained from Mr. Josue himself.
Mr. J. and his whole family had come to town
on Thurday morning, and returned home, leav
ing his children—boys—in the city. At about
three o’clock the remainder of the family were
gathered around the table in the upper story,
drinking their coffee, while Mr. J. lay down
upon his bed to take a nap. Mrs. J. hearing a
noise below, asked the eldest girl if anybody
was working below stairs. She replied “no.
The mother then smelling the smoke, aroused
Mr. J., who rushed down stairs, and on open
ing the door, was at once enveloped in flames,
which burned his face and singed his eyebrows
and whiskers. Thinking to obtain the mastery
of the devouring flames, he rushed through
them into the open air, and called loudly to his
wife and children to escape by the windows.
But alas I the open door gave free passage to
fire, and the upper rooms were instantly filled
with suffocating smoke. The eldest daughter
succeeded in finding a window after some min
utes, and sprang to the ground. Mrs. J. sought
for the two small girls, Adele and Mary, aged
seven and twelve, out they had got bewildered
and conld not be found. Self preservation
urged her at last to make her own escape, and
she reached the ground braised and half suffo
cated. The poor husband and father, frantic
with despair, in one short hour beheld his late
happy home in ruins, and of his two darling
children, whom he idolized, nought was lett
bnt a few charred and fleshless bones.
Mr, Josne’s loss in property he esrimates at
SB,OOO. A large amount of valuable jewelry,
a splendid gallery of rare pictures, besides
quite a sum of money swelling the loss ma
terially.
The Republican gives the following table
of the opening and closing of navigation at
Winona for the last four years :
1855 opened April 6th, closed December Bth.
1856 “ “ sth, “ November 29th.
1857 “ “ 3d. “ • “ 20th.
1858 “ March 17th, “ December 6th.
1859 “ “ 18th.
We copy the following items from the
Rochester Post:
The Boston Company, through their Agent,
Mr. Lindaley, are repairing the damages to the
bulk-head of their reeerToir, received last July
by the freset. A heavy wall, four feet thiok
at the base, laid in morter, is being built to
protect the earth from washing away between
the bulk-head and the bank on the west aide.
The bank is to be so protected that the water
can pass over it. in case of a freshet, without
damaging it; all of which is well.
We were not a little amused, while in Chat
field a day or two since, at a story told then
and there by the Agent of Wheeler &amp; Nichols,
regarding one of the drivers employed by these
popular Stage Managers. It appears that the
driver in question was addicted both to.stut
tering and profanity, and having met with some
accident while on his route which more than
ordinarily excited his ire, he was giving vent to
his spleen by means of sundry vehement oaths,
when he was accosted by a staid clergyman,
whom he happened to have aboard, in the fol
lowing language:
“ Have patience, my friend —have patience!
Job had patience!”
“ J-ob ! J-J-Job !” vociferated the irate Jehu,
“ who in h—l did J-Job drive for ?”
Business appears to be brightening up a lit
tle. Our streets present a lively appearance,
mercFants have a smile ontheir faces, and ev
erything seems to betoken the return of “olden
times.” Let it come—we in common with oth
ers, stand ready to greet the day and herald its
arrival.
Telegraphic ai.rt other News Items,
Mr. Eastman, senior editor of the Nash
ville, (Tenn.,) Vn.on and American, died in
that city of apoplexy on the 23d inst. The
junior editor of the same paper was killed a
few days previous—an account of which is
elsewhere given.
The Steamship Indian, which sailed from
Liverpool, on the 9th of November, was
broken on the rocks of Mary Joseph Eny bora
and went ashore on the 21st. Three men
were lost.
Lowe, the aeronaut, has postponed his
transatlantic balloon trip to “ the earliest
practicable moment.” He says that “ the
present stormy weather has not only inter
fered with the inflation, but continues to
retard our operations to such an extent as
to make it somewhat problematical to fix
the precise day of departure.
The West Tennessee Democrat, printed
at Bolivar in that State, has hoisted at its
mast head the name of S. A. Douglas for
President. It declares that he is the only
man who can be elected over a Republican,
and it furthermore adds that he is r the great
est statesman and the soundest national man
the American people can now boast.
The Hon. Alexander R. Boteler, of
Virginia, has in his possession a gun be
longing to old John Brown, taken from his
rendezvous on the mountain, which weighs
34 pounds, and is worked by means of a
pivot attached to the barrel. It was made
for the purpose of shooting slugs.
A wedding in bank stock and mortgage
bond life took place in St. Louis last week.
The groom, James White Kennett, is the
oldest son of Col. Fred Kennett, and the
bride, Miss Helen Farrar, niece of Col.
John O’Fallon. The families and relations
of the wedded pair are said to represent at
least $10,000,000.
Much excitement prevails in Crawford,
Warren and Venango counties, Pennsylva
nia, in relation to the oil springs. Hundreds
of persons are now engaged in prospecting
for them, with apparently the best hopes of
success. In and near Franklin a number of
claims have been taken, and parties have
commenced boring for the oil basin.
A Fort is being erected at Hog Island
Ledge, in Portland, Maine, habor. The
foundation is very solid, and has cost over
one hundred thousand dollars. The works
are to cover an acre and a half, and
to have ninety three guns mounted in three
tiers. It will command all the entrances
and all the anchorage ground of the harbor.
The Baltimore Reform Central Commit
tee have offered a reward of SIOOO for the
arrest and conviction of the murderer or
murderers of Adam Barklie Kyle, Jr.,
who was brutally killed in the vicinity of
the Fifteenth Ward polls on the 2d inst,
This reward is in addition to the SSOO of
fered by the city authorities.
A pore dealer in New Tork has got a
verdict against a hog merchant in Ohio, for
selling him a lot of hogs, part of which
were ascertained, on killing, to be “ soft
hogs,” which had been fed with beech nuts,
in the woods, instead of being hard or corn
fed hogs, as represented by the seller.
Miss Helen Weston, well known as one
of the “ Star Sisters,” has been compelled
to leave the stage. She is suffering from
consumption, and is not expected to survive
long.
Counterfeit one dollar bills on the
Commercial and Niagara District Banks
of Canada, are afloat, and said to be well
executed.
From the Ist of January to the Ist of
November, 2,450 new buildings were com
menced and finished in St. Louis, at a cost
of about $7,175,000.
A United States Senator is to be chos
en by the Legislature of which
convened on the 14th inst. It is thought
that Gov. Fitzpatrick will be re-elected.
His present term expires in 1861.
A correspondent writes from China, un
der date of Shanghai, September 2, as fol
lows : “ There have been outbreaks here and
at Ningo, occasioned by the attack on the
forts at Pieho,and the defeat of the English.
The Chinese wire not only exasperated
THE WEEKLY PIONEEK AND DEMOCRAT
but encouraged. Two churches here were
broken into, and seriously injured. Seevral
missionaries were assaulted, and American
and English ladies compelled to flee to the
ships for protection.” All was quiet at the
date of the letter, and promised to con
tinue so.
The Manchester Guardian thins that
Lord Bougham’s mind and body seem to bid
equal defiance to the torpid advances of
great ages. He is verging on eighty, and
yet his physical and mental vigor show no
symptoms of decay.
A Methodist Church was burned at
Lynn, Massachusetts, on the evening of the
21st inst.
A dispatch from Philadelphia, of the
22d, states that “ John D. Winslow, agent
for Sackett, Davis, &amp; Co., Jewellers in
New York, committed suicide by shooting
himself. He yesterday entrusted a box of
jewelry worth $30,000 to a colored porter
to carry to the office of Decaper, Tifft &amp;
Co. Ihe box not being delivered, it was
supposed that Winslow had stolen it. The
police were informed of the facts, but were
unable to recover the box before the com
mission of the deed. He wrote to his
mother at Providence, his employers and
Mr. Arnold. The box was recovered this
morning, having been left by mistake at
another establishment. He was single, and
only 28 years old.”
The first mortgage bondholders of the
New York and Erie Railroad, having ap
plied to the Comptroller of the State of
New York to advertise and sell the road for
the non payment of interest, the State
Comptroller has placed the matter in the
hands of the Attorney General, who pro
ceeded at once under the act of 1845 to sell
the road with all the appurtenances.
The Republican Convention of the city
of New York, which met on the 22d inst.,
nominated George Opdyke for Mayor.
Fernando Wood is the Democratic nomi
nee.
At a meeting held at the Tremont Tem
ple, Boston, on the evening of the 19th,
over S4OO were collected for the benefit of
the family of John Brown, the Harper’s
Ferry insurrectionist.
The steam sawmill of Theophilus Cush
ing, and the Frankfort Mills, at Bangor,
Maine, were destroyed by fire on the 22d
in3t. Loss $12,000, mostly insured.
The shoe manufactory of Albert Hum
phrey, in East Weymouth, Mass., was de
stroyed by fire on the 22d inst., and a loss
thereby suffered of $23,000.
Isaac F. Shepard was arraigned on the
22d before the Superior Court of Boston on
four indictments, charging him with the
forgery of promissory notes. He waived an
examination and was committed to await
trial.
A compositor in the Journal office, Indi
anapolis, named Wm. Simley, was found
insensible on the morning of the 22d, on a
stairway leading to the saloon under the
Niqntal House, where it was supposed he
had fallen. Subsequent examination showed
that he had been struck by a slung shot and
robbed. He died the same afternoon. No
clue had been obtained to the murderer.
The funeral obsequies by the fire depart
ment in honor of the memory of the late
United States Senator from California,
Hon. David C. Broderick, which had been
for some time contemplated, and postponed
for various reasons, took place in New York
on Sunday, the 20th instant, and was wit
nessed by many thousands of persons.
The Stratford (C. W.) Examiner says
judgment has been given in the suit long
pendiug between Mr. Whitehead and the
Buffalo and Lake Huron Railroad Com
pany. He claimed damages for breach of
contract and for work done, and the Court
of Chancery awarded him $50,000.
A man in Hartford, Ct., has made appli
cation for a divorce from his wife on the
ground of her being lazy. He alleges that
she will not get up in the morning, build a
fire, and get his breakfast at a seasonable
hour.
The latest European arrival bring news
that the monster steamship Great Eastern
had arrived at Southampton.
Over one hundred students have rebelled
at Diekinson College, Virginia, on account
of the expulsion of four members of the
senior class.
A new method of swindling has been
tried quite successfully in Philadelphia.
The honey is extracted from the comb, and
the cells filled with sugar. As sugar can
be bought for ten cents a pound, and honey
is worth twenty-five to thirty cents, the
seller is enabled to clear from fifteen to
twenty cants per pound by the operations.
A colored child, living near Keyport,
Monmouth county, N. J., died very sudden
ly a week or two ago, and subsequent inves
tigation proves that she was actually
whipped to death. York Applegate, in
whose house the child died, has been com
mitted to jail to answer the charge. The
girl was only four years old.
The Right of Self- Government in the
Territories.
The inherent right of the people of the
Territories to regulate their own affairs in
their own way, has been so persistently mys
tified by organs of both political parties
ostensibly based upon certain language in
the opinion of the court in the Dred Scott
case, that we gladly reproduce the following
article from the Minneapolis Plaindealer.
The idea that the people could ever derive
any intrinsic rights of self-government from
their servants, the Congress of the United
States, was always so absurd in our estima
tion, as to be almost unworthy of notice ;
but in view of the continued misapplication
of the language of the court, to sustain that
ridiculous absurdity, we give Mr. Purdy’s
answer to it. The people of this country
will never endure the disgraceful restric
tions attempted to be put upon the inhabi
tants of the Territories, as exhibited in the
Organic Act for Minnesota, by which the
Congress claimed the right to itself to nul
lify the acts of the Territorial Legislature.
It was through such arbitrary attempts at
the centralization of power in this country,
that the people have been aroused to the
vindication of their rights to self-govern
ment in the Territories, subject only to the
restraints of the Federal Constitution. And
they are certain to maintain those rights :
the dred scotr stumbling block.
In delivering the opinion of the Supreme
Court, in the Dred Scott case, J ustice Taney
made this declaration:
And if Congress itself cannot do this (prohib
it slavery in a Territory)—if it is beyond the
powers conferred on the Federal Government
—it will be admitted, we presume, that it could
not asthorize a Territorial government to exer
cise them. It could confer no powdr on any
local government established by its authority
to violate the provisions of the Constitution.
This declaration of Cheif Justice Taney
has been the subject of much discussion and
great contrariety of opinion among public
men and the press. For our part we see
nothing peculiarly strange or heterodox in
the position of Judge Taney, nor do we
see anything, strikingly alarmiog in it. Let
us look at its bearing for a moment:
1. Congress can exercise no powers not
specifically conferred upon it by the Consti
tution. It cannot confer these powers upon
another, or add to or diminish them.
2. The powers possessed by Congress are
conferred upon it by the people, speaking
through the ballet box and the Constitu
tion. “ All power is inherent in the hands
of the people,” and hence, Congress can con
fer no power upon the people, but the re
verse—the people delegate to Congress all
the power it possesses. The people have
delegated to Congress certain powers for
the creation of National laws, and the work
ings o! the machinery of a National Gov
ernment, but they have delegated to that
body no power for controlling or interfering
with their domestic concerns. Congress is
the representative will of all the States, and
can pass no law which operates to the dis
advantage of one portion of the Union, with
an especial view to benefitting another por
tion.
3. The same instrument which specifies
the powers which Congress may exercise,
also specifically declares wherein all other
powers shall be vested. It says: “ The
powers not delegated to the United States
by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to
the States, are reserved to the States re
spectively, or to the people.” This is the
language of the Constitution. It shows
that that instrument is as specific m shut
ting out'of the hands of Congress the exer
cise of implied powers, as it is in specifying
what powers it may exercise.
Now, what is the conclusion ? Congress
cannot prohibit slavery in the Territories
because the people have not given it the
power. Congress cannot confer that power
upon any agent because the people have not
delegated to them power to do so—and
those powers not delegated by the Constitu
tion are reserved to the States or the people.
The conclusion is irresistable, therefore,
that the people, not having conferred upon
Congress any power over the subject, have
reserved its control to themselves, and they
are omnipotent to delegate power to lo
cal or State agents to prohibit or estab
lish it.
Can the conclusion be avoided ? It in
volves no violation of the Constitution, but
it is in strict accordance with both its spirit
and letter. It requires no musty researches
or legal lore to reach the conclusion from
the premises assumed by the Supreme
Court. We believe the premises right, and
the conclusion that flows from it as inevitr
able as the dawning of the day upon the
rising of the sun :
The power not being conferred upon Con
gress, is among those reserved to the States &gt;
respectively, or to the people.
Judge Douglas and the Attorney-
General—-Correct Principle Vindi
cated and Acknowledged.
From the Cincinnati Enquirer.
Sick or well, dead or alive, Judge Doug
las does not mean to allow the Attorney
General of the United States to escape the
consequences of having provoked a public
controversy with himself without any occa
sion therefor. We stated yesterday that
we had received an advance copy of the re
joinder of Mr. Douglas to Judge Black. It
is a pamphlet of fourteen pages, and they
are terrible ones to his adversary.
The first eight pages are devoted to a
scathing exposure of Judge Black’s igno
rance of public law, and his shiftings and
evasions to avoid the force of Judge Doug
las’s facts and quotations from the decisions
of the Supreme Court. We do not know
when we have read anything so damaging
to the legal reputation of a lawyer, as those
eight pages are to that of Judge Black.
The other six pages of the pamphlet are of
public concern, and show the benefioial re
suits which have flowed from the discussions
between the two, which are the confessions
Judge Black has been forced to make by
the exigencies of the controversy, and
which involve an abandonment of various
pernicious heresies, with which the party
has been threatened for some time past.
The first of these heresies, now abandon
ed, is that “ slavery exists in the Territo
ries, bv virtue of the Constitution of the
United States.” Judge Black has been
forced to admit that the constitution does
not establish slavery in the Territories or
anywhere else. Had the whole discussion
produced no other result than that, the
public might well have rejoiced that it oc
curred, but that is not all.
The next heresy abandoned by the Attor
ney General, after having advocated it as
public law, is, that when a master removes
with his slaves into a territory, his right to
his property “depends on the law of the
place where he came from, and depends upon
that alone.” The fallacy of that was so
clearly exposed by Judge Douglas, and so
severely ridiculed by lawyers all over the
country, that Judge Black publicly aban
dons it, and confesses that the owner, instead
of relying upon the laws of the State from
which he emigrated for the protection of
his slave property, “must look lor his reme
dy to the law of his new domicile”—that is
the law which may be enacted by the terri
torial legislature.
The next heresy surrendered by J udge
Black is, that “the territories have no at
tribute of sovereignty about them”—that i 3
that they cannot legislate concerning the
life, liberty, or property of a citizen. He
has been forced to admit that territorial
legislatures, in legislating upon “all rightful
subjects of legislation,” can pass laws to
deprive a citizen of life, liberty, or property,
as a punishment for crime, and can exercise
the right of eminent domain to buy and
collect taxes for territorial purposes, and to
sell and confiscate property to pay such
taxes, if the owner of the property taxed
refuse to pay the tax.
Not only has the Attorney General aban
doned that heresy, but he now admits, in
connection with this abandonment, “that it
is an insult to the American people to sup
pose that the people of any organized terri
tory would abuse the right of self-govern
ment if it were conceded to them.” This
last confession, says Judge Douglas, taken
in connection with the previous admission
of the power of a territory to legislate, re
moves the last vestige of any substantial
objection to the doctrine of popular sover
eignty in the territories.
This discussion has eminently vindicated
the correctness of the principles, upon which
the Cincinnati platform is based, so far as
the question of slavery is concerned. The
public mind has become enlightened beyond
what it enjoyed before, as to the true theory
of our government, and the proper relations
that exist between federal and local author
ity. Judge Douglas deserves well of the
country for the able and fearless manner in
which he has maintained the right and
exposed error, on this important subject.
The Excitement at Harper’s Ferry—Con-
Harper’s Ferry, Nov. 19.—Various ru
mors have been afloat to-day as to the ap
proach of armed men from Ohio in the vicin
ity of Wheeling. The respectable source
from which the report originated, hrs cre
ated some excitement about Charlestown,
but none here. Our people are very quiet,
not expecting any attempt at present; nor
do they fear any force, however formidable,
because they are prepared for any emer
gency.
The numerous fires about Charlestown
have induced the citizens to anticipate some
annoyance; they are more easily excited,
but none are at all afraid of the result, even
if an attempt should be made. Col. Davis
has made most ample provisions for any
number of the enemy who make a call.
I learn that more troops are demanded.
This may be to protect the prisoners from
the populace. There is no danger to ap
prehend, as far as I can learn.
Sunday Eve.— The fresh excitement was
caused by the arrival from Bellair, near
Wheeling, of a man named Smith Crane,
who stated that he had accidentally over
heard a conversation between some men who
had organized a band of five hundred men
to release Brown and the other prisoners at
Charlestown. He immediately set out for
Harper's Ferry to apprize the inhabitants.
It was also rumored at Charlestown that
a fight had occurred in Clark county, be
tween some citizens and a party of stran
gers ; and a detachment was sent to the
place of disturbance. Col. Davis sent des
patches to Gov. Wise for 500 more troops
who have arrived here this evening. The
Governor is with them, and our town is
again bristling with bayonets, and the peo
ple are considerably excited.
Wise says it will give Virginia military
experience, and she will know how to pro
tect her borders hereafter. He, with three
companions left for Charlestown to day.
Richmond, Va., Nov. 20.— 1 t is authori
tatively stated that the movement of troops
is more to quiet the alarmed population of
the upper counties, and by the presence
of an overpowering force prevent any fur
ther attempt at rescue, which might other
wise result in bloody work, than from fears
of the approach of an armed body of men
from Ohio or elsewhere. It was known that
it was Gov. Wise’s intention to order a reg
iment to Charlestown in a few days for
camp duty, previous to execution, but the
prevalance of these groundless alarms has
tended to accelerate the movement.
Washington, Nov. 20.—The regiment
from Richmond accompanied by Gov. Wise,
arrived here at 7 o’clock, A. M., and will
leave for Charlestown on a special train, at
10 o’clock. Nothing has been received
confirmatory of the story of a body of men
having crossed the Ohio river near Wheel
ing. The Petersburg battalion of four Com
panies arrived here this P. M., and are
awaiting instructions from the Governor.
Charlestown, Va., No. 22.—Yesterday
was spent in a general military parade and
review by Gov. Wise. During the after
noon the Governor and Staff had a long
interview with the condemned, the Governer
urged on them the necessity of preparing for
death, as the sentence of the Court would
be carried out without interference on his
i ~~ ' ~ 1
centration of Troops.
part. Brown declared himself prepared to
die ; he justified his course, only regretting
his error in not allowing the train to pass
without interruption. Cook said he was
willing to be shot, but always had a great
repugnance to hanging. Gov. Wise said
that Coppice was the only one he had
thought of committing; but he had now
determined to hang them all. Gov. Wise
yesterday received a dispatch from the
Governor of South Carolina, tendering him
any amount of military aid in defence of
Virginia, Gov. Wise replied by thanking
him for his offer, but assuring the Governor
that she was able to defend herself. The
Richmond military were all ordered to
return home yesterday, but the people pro
tested against such a course declaring that
if there was any necessity for them to come
that necessity still existed, finally Governor
Wise ordered two companies from Rich
mond to remain, and also the Petersburg
artillery. The General of the several Rich
mond companies started for home this morn
ing, and others will go to morrow. Gov.
Wise and his Staff left this morning express
ing the intention of having military present
on the day of execution.
Harper’s Ferry, Nov. 22. —Gov. Wise’s
Staff are stopping with Col. Barbour, su
perintendent of the armory.
The Governor states that he has made
every provision to protect the communica
tion with prisoners. He has no doubt of
determined and thoroughly organized move
ment throughout Northern and Western
States to rescue Brown, and exhibits num
bers of letters from responsible parties in
Pennsylvania, Ohio and New York, urging
him to be prepared for parties forming in
these States. The Blues go to St. Mary’s
Landing to-night, and Col. Smith’s of the
Virginia military, with the Cadets and
Howitzers, have been ordered to Charles
town.
Governor Wise will return to Richmond
to-morrow.
Our Relations with Mexico
The dispatches by telegraph received dur
ing the last two days, furnish the following
rumors relative to the operations on the
Mexican frontier, and the disposition mani
fested by our government in reference to its
Mexican relations.
A dispatch from Washingto i appearing
in the St. Louis Republican, of the 19th
inst., says :
The Government this morning determined to
seize the northern States of Mexico, and orders
have been issued for six companies of heavy
artillery from Fort Monroe, and two companies
of light artillery, and three companies of in
fantry, from Fort Leavenworth, to proceed
immediately to Brownsville.
The Republican learns that Col. Sumner,
commander of this department, telegraphed
from Fort Leavenworth this evening for prompt
movement of troops. In compliance with this
order, and in a.week, if necessary, these troops
will be in New Orleans.
The Republican intimates that security for
the future will be wanted in a better boundary
than that established by the Rio Grande.
A New Orleans dispatch of the 20th of
November, states:
Brownsville is safe. Capt. Tobin with eighty
rangers arrived on the 13th. Thirty men from
Cutter Dodge, and fifty from Baton Rouge, left
Brazos for Brownsville on the 16th—making
300 troops and volunteers now there. On
the arrival of Capt. Tobin, Cortinas’ chief
officer, held as a prisoner, was hung without
trial.
A Washington dispatch of the evening
of the 21st, states:
The War Department to-day countermanded
its orders foi six companies of troops from
Fort Monroe, and five from Fort Leavenworth,
to proceed to Brownsville, it appearing from
the latest acounts that there is no necessity for
their proceeding thither, apart from the object
of affording protection to the Rio Grande fron
tier. The various speculations as to the em
ployment of so large a force are thus dissi
pated.
The following rumor is found in a Wash
ington dispatch of the 22d inst. :
In consequence of recent occurrences on the
frontier a snggestion has been made from a dis
tinguished quarter, to the liberal government,
that immediate steps be taken with the view
of entering into an agreement with the United
States for the punishment of such outlaws as
Cortinas and his men. Offences committed on
either side of the Rio Grande to be considered
against the peace of both Republics, and to be
tried according to the laws where arrested.
“ Gerrit Smith, Fred. Douglass, Dr. S.
G. Howe, and others, were mentioned in the
confession, but not in the way to deeply
implicate them. Their connection with
Brown involved, however, the presentation
of pistols, money, &amp;c. Cook said that the
time of the invasion would have been differ
ent but for the information given by Col.
Forbes. But, althogether, the confession
does not bear very strongly upon the case
and it is the opinion of the Court that Cook
has withheld the greatet part of his knowl
edge. For certain reasons the paper is kept
secret, and will not be permitted to be pub
lished.
A Heavy Execution. —The Cincinnati
Commercial of the 4th instant, says : — A
heavy execution to satisfy a decree and costs,
amounting to $43,932.80, was recently or
dered out in the United States Circuit
Court for this Circuit, by the attorneys for
the plaintiff in the case of Eber B. Ward,
et al, in the famou3 collision case on Lake
Erie, between the steamer Atlantic and
propeller Ogdensburg. The costs in the
case amount to about $3,000.
The reporter of the Chicago Herald says
he was walking along the street a few days
since, and saw a pitiful and heart-sickening
sight. A whole family were staggering
along the sidewalk drunk. There were the
husband, the wife, two daughters from four
teen to eighteen years old, and a boy not
far from the same age, all more or less in
toxicated.
Hon. Charles Sumner, Senator from
Massachusetts, arrived at his home in Bos
ton, on the Canada, after a two years’ ab
sence in Europe, whither be has been seek
ing a restoration of his health.
Suicide. —A German named Zunius
c ommitted suicide in West St. Paul, on
Thursday morning. He was supposed to
be insane at the time,