THE FREE PRESS, BURLINGTON, ERITDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 12 J 858.
GEO. YV. k a. C. BENEDICT,
Enironi xxd Pnornitiom.
IQT For lirmt ill last pagt,c&amp;
nuniiiNGTON :
FIUDAY MORNING, NOV, 18, 1858.
8EXATOTI HAMMOND'S SPEECH.
The N. Y. Herald and papers of that sort
are in raptures over a speech lately delivered
by Senator Hammond, of South Cnrolina.
Ho goes over, in Southern stylo, tho circum
tanccs of tho enactment of tho Kansas-NV
braska bill and tho English Bill ; is glad tho
peopio ot Kansas rejected the latter ; says :
"Let her stay out; I am opposed to her com
ing in beforo she has the rcquisito population ;
not becauso Bhe will bo a frco Stato, but be
cause I fully approvo of tho prohibitory clauso
of tho Conference bill, and for that reason
voted against the admission of Oregon," He
had no scruples, however, about voting for
tho original Senate bill and for the "English"
bill, both of which mado KansisaState (but
a Slave Stato, mind you, and in opposition to
tho will of tho people,) with less than half of
tho population ho now insists upon.
But Mr. Hammond leaves tho past and
proceeds to consider what is to be dono here
after :
I confess that, for many years of my Ute, Ibrlieved
thit our only safety wis thi dissolution of the Unbn,
and I openly avowed it. 1 should entertain and with
cut hesitation express th'samr sentiments now.bu'thil
thl victories Kt hilt achieved and those that Ithmk m
a't about to achieve, hive inspired me with the hope I
may snv the belief tht m can fully sustain aursrlvcs
in th' Union, and control its action in all great a ffairs.
It may well be mked how I can entertnlr. such
views nd expectations, when within theso few
years tho South has lost her equality in tho Sen.
ntn mnA ft., r.. C:...... 1. . j-.h.j
majority In both Uouscs of Congress, while this
unfortunato Kansas contest has swept Into their
political graves so many of our ancient friends in
those States that it may be doubted whether they
have at this moment, after the recont elections
the finale of tho disastrous Kansas abortion a ma.
jority in any single ono of them; and there seems
to be no prospect of our extending the area of
Slavery in any quarter.
Mr. Hammond considers that slavery, un
der tho Drcd Scott decision, has full swing
over all the present Territorial possessions of
tho Union. About tho southern part of
North America, ho sees difficulties in tho
way of making slavery very profitable.
Even Cuba, ho thinks cannot bo got without
a war and under all nspects, a war on that
account would bo a ticklish piece of business;
besido, Cuba if obtained and cut up into
two or tlirco slave states would not give tho
South a numerical preponderance in Con
gress, lie would bo glad to see Slavery
ahead everywhere, for believes in it, lie says;
but thinks tho North nnd West are so fur
ahead that they will keep so, and tho best
way h 10 givo the rnco up, and try to carry
out their wishes in another way. Ho has
great hopes from tho chango of opinion on
the subject of slavery, which the South ha)
undergone sinco tho passage of tho Missouri
Compromiso Act, and tho- emancipation of
tho Slaves in Jamaica by the British Gov
ernment in 1833-4.
"What then was the stato of opinion in tho
South? Washington had emancipated his slaves;
Jefferson had bitterly denounced tho system, and
had dono all ho could to destroy it. Our Clay.,
Marshall, Crawfords, and many other prominent
Southern men had led off in tho colonization
scheme Tho inevitable etTcct in tho South was
that she believed slavery to bo an ovil, a weak
ness, a disgraco; nay, a sin. She shrunk from
the discussion of it; she cowered under cicry
threat. Sho attempted to apologize, to excuse
herself, under tho plea (which was true) that
EaKlnd Lad forced it on her; and in fvar and
inmUtag ho twU0.l a doom that tho deemed
W.M. nut a few 0u spirits took tho nue
,! . ,!!PS tbAl con,PLe!lcd 'h South to investigate
it anew and horoughly, and what is the result'
iwU d.bv dlfficult ,0 find n" a Southern
then on his consdencc-who does not, in fact, re-
fh i ? Cq?al ?dvantaE 'o tho master and
the slave, elevating both-as wealth, strength and
power-and as one of the main pillars and control,
ling Influences of modern civilltatlon-and who ,
SnrifST PrfPred 10 ""iniain it at every hazard.
abolition discuss on. So far our gain has been
immense from this eontest. savage and malignant
as tt has beon. Nay, we h&amp;vo solved already the
question of emancipation by this reexamination
and explosion of tho false theories of religion,
philanthropy and political economy whi:h cml
barrassed our fathers in their day. With our
conyioiions and cur strength, cmancipatim here
la simply an impossibility to man, whether by
persuasion, purchase or coercion. Tho rock of
Gibraltar does not stand so firm on its basis as
our slave syet.m. For a quarter of a century it
has borne tha brunt of a hurricane as fieroe and
pitiless as ever raged. At tho North and in
Europe they cried "llavoo!" and lot loose upon us
wi ?"s of war' And how ,taB,i u nciw'
VVAy.m Mil very quirter of a century our slaves hive
more than doubted in value. The very nryro, as a
prime laborer, who would hue broujhtfour hundred
dollars in 1829, upjuU now, with thirty mirt years
upon him, sell for eijhi hundred dollars. What does
all this moan ? Why, that for ourselves wo have
settled this question of emancipation against all
the world, in theory and nractice. and the nn,M
must accept our solution.
England, Mr. H. says, has about become a
convert to pro-6lavery views, and France goes
openly into the slave business. Referring of
course to tho lying slander assiduously pro
pagated against tho government of Liberia
by tho pro-slavery journals of tho land, and
so thoroughly refuted, iio says . Franco,
"buys from tho President of Liberia, tho far
famed settlement of our own Colonization So
ciety. Buys tho colonists, our own emanci
patcd slaves, who, sick of freedom, prefer
any form of slavery, and in their desperation
do not hesitato to mako their pious patrons
in this country tho laughing stock of tho
wholo world."
That tho Emperor of Franco, a thorough
despot, who will hardly nllow a group of
school children to bo at play without a go
vernment spy among them who holds a
decree of banishment up to every man who is
suspected of any aspirations for freedom,
should be ready enongh to favor slavery, is
not to bo wondered at nor that his way of
dealing with thoso who disagrco with him
should find abundant advocates and copyists
among ths upholders of slavery in this coun
try. Ho and they think to crush out tho
love of liberty and froo institutions the same
way.
Proceeding to accuse all tho public men of
the North who are hostile to the spread of
slavery, of insincerity, as having only politi-
:al ends of their own to advance, he says
their career is about an end.
Bat If I am all wrong If my facts tod reason
ing are false, and my hopes delusive if. In 1660,
they beat us what then? These are questions
that may well be asked. And the answer is obvi.
nm. Wemustbe prepared; and the very efforts
we must make to prevent luch resulti will better
prepare us than any ooune we can purtae that I can
see. We must he prepared, I say, to, take care of
ourselves, whateverfmay come. It is clear that
the slaveholdlng States of this confederacy, what
ever hazard they may'choose to inour by remaining
in alliance with a inajurlty of non-stareholderi now
10 inflamed against them, must ever and at all
times hold their deitlaVes in their own hand,They
can never permit any foreign power to legislate
In reference to their peculiar industrial system,
whether to abolish or to modify, or Impose undue
burthens on It. Such legislation must be resisted
with all oar means, and without regard to any con
sequences. If it should 19 happen that the free
Etatei of this Union, being now, and alwayi to bo
in a majority, do establish a political lino between
the two lectioni and the two systems of labor, le
gislate upon It and maintain It, then they will
oooitltute a power as foreign to ui as any nation
in the worldand we cannot submit to it. What
ever the weak and defenceless eolonles of other
countries may havo submitted to, before these
Southern States will be placed In tho condition of
Bt. Domingo or Jamaica, or ono' at all approxima
ting tn it. ther will rend this Union into fraz.
dents and plunge the worldin ruin. It Is In their
poirtr to do ot&amp;, for tho world cannot get on with
out them 1 and, If ruthless fanaticism and bruto
lorco combine, under whatever names, and with
whatever authority, to rldo them down, they will
carry with them tho pillars of tho temple of civi
lization, and force a common fate on all mankind.
There nro many who belicvo that some such a cat
astropho Is Inevitable. It cannot bo denied that
from appearances, hereand elsewhere, It Is entire
ly possible, nnd It may not bo unwise for all of ui
to lupposo It probable
Tho absurd assumption that if Republi
cans get tho power thoy will interefcro di
rectly with tho laws nnd practices of tho
Slavo-Statcs within thoso States tho
right or disposition to do which has always
been denied by frce-stato men, and never
with more earnestness than now, needs no re
mark. Tho awful consequences to tho world
according to Mr, Hammond, if they should
attomptsuch a thing, must clfectually detcf
them from such an attempt if nothing else
would.
But afterall, Mr. Hammond hnsmisgivings,
This almost omnipotent power of tho slave
holding States over the nation and tho world
cannot bo mado effectual in practico with
out tho help of Northern allies. Of theso ho
is thankful that they havo many, who
aro ready to mako common cause with tho
slaveholders who can bo relied upon to help
them. Ho cares nothing,ho says,for tho dis
tinctions oD'national democrats" and "stato
rights democrats" in fact doos not under
stand them. As to the best wav of conduct
ing tho "contest, "which ho says "impends,"
Mr. H. does not wish to dictate, though ho
thinks that "if tho South has any de6iro to
remain in tho Union and control it, 6he, as
her safety requires that sho should, in some
osscntial particulars, if she does remain in it ,
must conciliate her Northern Allies. Sho
must bo just, kind and true, to all who aro
truo to truth and to her. But if she deter
mines, nnd whenever sho determines, to
throw off her Northern friends nnd dissolve
this Union, I need scarcely say that I shall,
without hesitation, go with her fully and
faithfully. I do not for a moment doubt
that, nor out of this Union, she can sustain
herself among tho foremost nations of the
earth."
Tho shallowness and self-conceit of Mr.
Hammond's speech aro fully up to tho high-
water mark among thoso of other southern
politicians of tho same typo. The impudence
with which ho gives his hearers to understand,
(without assorting it in express terms,) that
all tho outrages and bloodshed in Kansas nro
chargeablo to thoso who wished to have it a
free State, tho coolness with which ho asserts
tho perfect satisfaction of all in tho slavo
States hardly excepting tho slaves them
selves with tho existence nnd perpetuity of
slavery tiierc, (in tho faco of tho fact that tho
slaveholders suppress all free discussion and
of other notorious truths,) the openness with
which ho counts upon tho President, tho
Cabinet, nnd a largo body of tho northern
Democracy, to help tho Soutli control the
Union, as iio says they havo heretofore, and
tho stereotyped threat of blowing up the
Union, and kicking up a dust in tho world
generally, when they cannot control the Union
any longer, aro characteristic nnd amusing.
VEKMOXT AND CANADA RAILROAD
It will interest many of our readers to seo
the bill rejre,it,l Friday last, by tho commit
tee on roads, for amending tho original act
for incorporating tho Vermont and Canada
Railroad Company. The bill as introduced by
Senator Butler, for that purposo (Senate Bill
73) has a single provision for prolonging tho
timo for building tha connection with the Rut
land and Burlington railroad at Burlington,
Jive years from Oct. 31st. 1858, without any
conditions. The committeo had a patient
hearing of tho case and (as we understand,
unanimously Senate and House committees
sitting together) agreed upon the following
report.
To the Honorable Senate now in Session
The road committee to whom was referred
Senato bill No. 73, report they have consider
ed the same, and recommend the following
amsndment:
Striko out all alter the enacting clauso, and
insert tho following :
AN ACT in addition to and In amendment of an
act entitled "an act to incorporate the Vermont
and Canada Itallroad Company," approved Oct-
ber31,lS45.
It is herchy enictti by the UeneraX Assembly of
the State rf Vermont, 04 follows :
Sec, 1. Section two of the charter of the Ver
mont and Canada Railroad Company, approved
October 31, A. D. 1S45, is hereby so amended that
it shall read as follows ;
If said company shall not, within five years,
commence the construction of the road.and shall
not, within seventeen years next after the 31st day
of October, A. D., 18t5,complete and put in opera
tlon said road from a point in the village of Bur
lington most convenient to connect at said village
of liurllngton, with the railroad running southerly
from said village, now called the Rutland an I Bur
lington railroad, connecting euch southerly road,
by a line of said Vermont and Canada railroad run
ning rrom tne most convenient point or connection
In said village of Burlington with said Rutland
and Burlington railroad, to some point west of the
town-house in tho town of Colchester, and thence
to connect with the present track of tho Vermont
and Canada railroad, at the most suitable and pro
per point in the town of Milton, thus connecting
said 'Southern lino, as well as the Vermont Central
line, by tho most convenient and direct route, with
the northern terminus of said Vermont and Canada
railroad, then this corporation shall cease and the
charter thereof be void.
Sec 1. The foregoing amendment of said char
ter, and tho extension of four years beyond tho
timo originally given by said charter for tho com
pletion of said road, is granted, upon the express
condition that said company conform to and obey
the following requisitions and provisions, as well
as the other provisions of this act, namely ;
That said company shall, within nine months
after tho passage of this act, survey and loeato
that part of its lino mentioned in section one of
this act, not already built, according to the true
intent and meaning of this act, and expend in the
construction thereof, upon such location north of
Onion river, . fifty thousand dollars, beforo the
first day of September, A, D 1859, and fifty thou,
sand dollars more upon said line so located, with
in eighteen months from the passage of this act.
That said company shall, within four years from
the 31st day of October, A. D.,1838, complete and
put in operation the same, so as to mako one con
tinuous line of said road from such point of con.
nection in the Tillage of Ttnrllngton to the north
ern terminus of the Vermont and CanaJa. rallroa.l)
That said road, when so completed, shall be for
ever run and operated over said extension, so as to
put said Rutland and Burlington railroad upon an
equal footing, in respect to the convenient transmls.
sion of freight and passengers, and the charges
therefor, over and upon said Vermont and Canada
railroad, each way and in connection therewith
with the Vermont Central line, subject, in case of
diagreement, to the decision of the commissioners
mentioned in the fifteenth section of the charter of
the Vermont and Canada railroad company;
That all passengers passing over the said Ver
mont and Canada railroad, to and from Burling
ton, and to and from the northern terminus of said
Vermont and Canada railroad, and to and from the
Intermediate points, shall be carried over said ex
tension hereby dtsected to be located, and over
said Vermont nnd Canada railroad, without delay
and without change of e&amp;r., except In case of ae.
eident or other casualty;
That until said Vermont and Canada railroad
shall connect with said Rutland and Burlington
railroad, as hereinbefore provided, ati Vermont
and Canada railroad shall, so far as it has or here,
after may have the legal right, without impairing
any of its present legal rights or obligations or
theso which may arise from present obligations,
give to the said Rutland and Burlington the same
rights, privileges and advantages to and from Bur.
lington, over the Vermont Central railroad to and
from Essex Junotion, and thenoo over the Ver
mont and Canada railroad to and from Rouse's
Point, as is conferred upon said Rutland and Bur
lington line, by the name of the Cbamplalnand
Connecticut River Railroad Company, over said
Vermont and Canada by the fifteenth section of
the act Incorporating said Vermont and Canada
railroad company, and iu case of disagreement, all
questions in relation thereto shall be determined
by commlss'oners and the supreme eourt on their
report, according to the provisions of said filteenth
section.
Etc. 3. If said Vermont and Canada railroad
oompany shall not. by a le-al vote of Its directors,
duly passed and filed with the secretary of State,
accept this act within thirty days next after the
passage thereof, or if It shall fail to perform and
fulfil all the requirements, conditions and provisos
of this act, in either case said company shall take
no benefit of any of the provisions thereof.
j cic, , Any legal procciaiogt mil miy no nau
to enfores nny of llio provisions, conditions or re
quisitions in this net may be Instituted and had in
either of the counties of Chittenden, Franklin or
Orand Isle.
Sec. S. This act shall take effect from Its pas
sage. And when so nmended, tho committee ro
commend tho p.issago thereof
J. E. BUTLER, for Committee.
THE I,EOISI,ATITRE.
Tho Legislature voted Friday to adjourn
over to Tuesday morning, Wo noto a few
items or Friday's business, recorded in; tho
Journal ,
A now lease of life, to tho cloo of Nov.
11th, was given to thoVt. &amp; Canada R.R.C.,
and tho Committeo on Roads in tho Senato re
ported a bill to nnicnd tho charter of tho
Vermont and C.iuada Railroad Company
with amendment (by striking out all of tho
original bill and inserting a new 0110 ); on mo
tion of Mr. Everts, tho bill nnd pending a
mendment, wcro ordered to lie, and 300
copies to bo printed.
Wo understand tho m.iin proUsiona of
tho proposed bill to bo, in general terms, to the
offoct that tho Vermont and Canada R.R. Co.
aro to locato their Road for making connex
ion with tho Rutland and Burlington R. R.,
from Burlington through tho west part of
Colchester to expend a certain sum on tho
work within a year and to finish it within
thrco years, are to run their through passcn.
g9rtrairsbelwjenRoJs sPointand Burlington
by that routo, and to givo equal advantiges
to tho Rutland and Burlington and thoVt.
Central Railroads.
A joint resolution Tor a joint assembly on
Wednesday next, at 10 o'clock, for tho elec
tion of Railroad Commissioner, passed the
Senato nnd was laid on tho table in tho
House.
A bill for tho aid of Fire Departments was
passed in tho House. Tho bill, wo under
stand, lays a tax of 3 per cent on Insurance
Premiums, of foreign companies, to be ap
plied in aid of the Firo department, where
ono exists.
It 6eems that tho circus business is not yet
through with. Mr. Ainsworth, from Gene
ral Committee, reported ngainst bill relating
to the licensing of certain circus exhibitions:
On motion of Mr, Hartshorn, dismis
sed, but further on it is said that
on motion of Mr. Hawkins, tho
"substitute for tho bilPrantingliccnsc to cir
cus exhibitions," was mado the 6pecicl order
for Wednesday next 11 o'clock.
Wo presume tho bill referred to in yester
day's proceedings, is tho old " monkey
bill" relating to tho exhibition of " trained
animals," which was dismissed Nov. 3,
brought forward in a now dress, as monkeys
often are. The ayes nnd noes on tho bill dis
missed Nov. 3, were as follows :
Vcas. Messrs. Abbott of Barnct, Abbott of
Landgrovc, Ainsworth, Allen, Baird, Ballon, Bar
ber, Barney, Bascom, Bodell, Bell, Billings of
est Ilavcn, lionit 01 West J-airleo, Bond of Win
hall, Bourne, Bridginan, Bryant, Burton, Camp,
Chapman, Church, Cillcy, Clark of Alburgh, Clark
of Lincoln, Cox, Coy, Cutler, Daniels Dexter, Bur
keo, rarman, Tcrrin of llincsburgh, Ferrin of .Mor
ristown.ricury, 1 llntof Brookline, Hint of Sutton,
Follansby, Trost, (lidding, (lracs of Baltimire,
Oravcs of Klrby, Green, llnll of Burke, Hamilton,
ll.mm,.n,l lljrl.linrn IRklnl nfChctca, llcliirrl
of Randolph, Hcmcnway of atcrviflc, Holt, Howe,
Huntley, Johnson, Jones, Joslyn, Kellara, Kings
bury, Kneeland, Knowlton, Lamed, Lawrence,
LUlic, Linslcy of Ilipton, Lord, Lovcland, Lyman,
Lyon, Mack, Marsh, Martin, McClary, McUalfey,
Monroe, Montague, Myers of Jamaica, Myers of
Pownal, Xcedham, Nelson, N'owcll, Jules, .N'oble,
Olmstcad, Orcutt, Pollard, Prichard, Prindle, Ran
dall ofPittsford, Reed, Renfrew, Rich, Richardson
of Westminster, Rider, Rockwell, Safford, Sanborn
of Juy, Sanborn of Sheffield, Shores, Simonds,
Sleeper, Smith of Ludlow, Stoddard, Stono, Stowe,
Tappan, Templcton, Trusscll, Walker of Bcnon,
Walker of Clarendon, Watts, Wells, Wostover,
Whcelock, White of Londonderry, White of Wash
ington, White of Whiting, Whito of Windsor,
Whitney, Wightman, Woodworth, Wright 120.
Kays. Messrs. Aldrich, Amldon, Atwell, Ae
ry, Baldwin, Bellows, Billings of Mt. Holley,
Bingham, Boyce, Button, Carman, Chaffee, Clark
of Milton, Clark of Mnrctown, Coburn, Cole, Colla
mer, Cooper, Crane, Cutts, Dean of Barnard, Dcane
of Cavendish, Dow, Dyer, Farrand, Toy, Ferguson,
Fitts, Franklin, Garfield, Gay, OrlQith, Halbert,
Hall of Swan ton, Hawkins, Heraenway of W.Wind
sor, Hibbard, Hitchcock, Holbrook, Hollister,
Houghton, House, Hyde, Injnll', Joy, Kellogg,
Lamb, Lane, Llnsley of Rutland, l.iitlc, Lynde,
Mathowson. McDonald, Merrill, Millington, Morse,
Peabody, Perkins, Pitts, Piatt, Powers, Prouty,
Putnam of Woodbury, Randall of Roxbury, Rich
ardson of Westfield. Rounds, Royce, Fanford, Scott
of Cabot, Scott of Craftsbury, Silver, Slayton, Smith
of Monkton, Smith of Watcrbury, Snow, Souie,
Spauldlng, btlcknov of Andover, Stickney of Go
shen, Stiles, St. John. Stowell, ttrector, Swllt,
Tracy, Wadsworth, Walter, Warren, Webber, West,
Wheeler, Whlteomb, Woodbridge 93.
Montpelier Matters. A Mntpelier cor
repondent of tho Windsor Journal says ;
Tho Montpelier people aro anxious that tho Le
gislature should mako an appropriation to finish
the Stato House, while on the other hand tbcro is
a strong feeling among tho members of that body,
that tho signers of that bond, about which so much
has been said, should make an appropriation there
on to carry forward tho work.
The plots thicken, and it is pretty certain that
tho session will not be a short one.
The Bennington flanncr says of the State
House question
This county we bcliovc is emphatically in favor
of having Montpelier back up the amount which
sho agreed to pay for its being rebuilt in that iso
Iatcd town.
The correspondent of the Caledonian says ;
Th Ccommlttoo on Public Buildings arc tho sub
ject of a good deal of remark, and to-day I noticed
a "chlel annng them, takln notes" for a Burling
ton Dally. Tho testimony is voluminous, amount,
ing already to a hundred pages of fools-cjp, and
qulto likely to extend to a hundred more. A rich
letter from tho Doctor to.Silloway, u ante btllum,"
as ono of tho counsel remarked, warning him u
gainst the " gull traps of Montpelier, who would
offer ltlni all tho kingdoms of tho Earth, when
they dia,i't own one," was read yesterday to a
"largo and highly Interested audience."
How the Administration Receives the
News of hie Doiclas Tricmhi. Tho
Wushington Union of Friday sjys .
"If the Democratic party has triumphed iu II.
linols, it has been at its own expense, in consider,
ution of joining iu tho Black Republican clamor
against tho "Lecompton fraud and swindle." It is
a triumph barren und ignominious; it is a tri
umph over which the Black Republicans have rea
son to exult, and do exult more than the good and
truo democracy."
Tho Union iirofwscs tu believe ( nnd gives
a letter from Illinois to hack up its opinion,)
that Senator Douglas will not ho returned,
ecn though his friends be in nn a parent ma
jority iu tho Legislature. But thcro is no
probability that this opinion is well founded.
Tho Richmond Enquirer receives tho news
of Douglas's success in a different spirit from
that exhibited by tho Union. It sounds tho
tho following notes .
"Hurrah for Dowjlas.lht Little Giant bos tri
umphed over all opposition; and the disorganlters
are crushed to a fraction Just equal to one-hun-drethof
the whole vote cast.
Three times three cheers for tho Democratic
champion."
Tho "disorganizes," it will bo noted, aro
Mr. Buchanan and his friends. Think of
the Richmond Enquirer calling tho Union
and Mr. Buchanan, "disorganizcrs !"
Fatal Accident. Moses Clough of Pot
ton, C. E. was found in tho road ilnid.on
tho morning of Oct. 3()th. Ho had started
from W.Troy tho ovening beforc.and by somo
means ftll from his wagon, gotting his
left leg caught in tho cross bar pf tho shafts,
in which situation ho was dragged about
half a milo to whoro ho was found, Tho
reins wero twisted nround his nosk, which
was broken, and his right sido was shocking,
ly mangled, all his clothing being worn
through, Tho cause of tho accident is not
known ; somo think hu had a fit, others
think Iio was thiownoutby a jolt of tho wag
on, und as ha was a cripple wuj uiiahlo t,
recover himself
Vermont IlrtiicnUon.
Published under the santtian of the State Teathw's
Committer.
nrniCTs in oi;h school svsthm.
NO. IV,
THE REMEDY. 0 It A II K D SCHOOLS.
A fourth principal ndvantago of the Graded
School Is, thnt it secures tho advantages of nil tho
grades of Instruction to nil clases of society the
Toor as well as tho rich. This may not suit the
excluslvo cla.scs, but it dots suit tho gonitis of rur
ropubllcan Institution., Nothing short of It is
really demoerntlo In tho largest sense of that word.
Xothlng less than a popular educational system
can secure our republican form of Government from
abuses, Al a Commonwealth we owo it to tho
prescrvitlon of out republicanism If wo nro poor'
wo owo tt to oursclve, to oncourngo that system of
education which will bring all grades of Instruction
within tho reach of nil classes; Indeed, If wo aro
rich, It Is but n matter of self-interest to en'onr
age such a system of schools, ns In their ultimate
effect they nro decidedly economical. Tor nothing
else, in connection with the prevalence of Christian
ity, is so potent to prevent crime, pauperism, and
every other form of degradation. Prisons nnd
poor.!iouc aro vastly less suro to protect tho pro.
pcrty nnd provldo for tho wants of community,
while thoy nro doubly expensive; nnd cumbersome.
Schools aro n wholesomo preventive, while thce
operato as nn nwkward nnd Ineffectual cure. The
true theory Is to educate nnd elevate the masses, and
thus, instead of degraded victims of crime and pov.
erty, society will be filled with worthy citizens.
Tho question now preonts Itself: Aro Graded
Schools practicable? Actual cipcriment clone can
answer this query satisfactorily. At present we
can only say, viewing the matter theoretically, that
wo consider tho scheme quite practicable. It may
not be os easy to carry It Into effect in the country
ns In the largo villages, still a large sharo of the ben
efits arising from a graded system may, doubtless,
bo reallicdln the country. Villages, of any consid
erable size, could certainly enjoy its privileges, In
troducing nnd arranging tho system with little
difficulty.
For instance, let two or three or fourdis'ricts in
or adjoining n village, unlto to form a Union Dis
trict. If nil tho districts in Town could bo lr..
duced to Join this movement, so much the better.
Wo should expect they would ultimately, If they
did not at first. Each district would retain Its own
organiratlon and school-house, support Its own
school as before, which should bo primary to the
central school provided by tho Union district. The
Union District would need to build a convenient
house, at somo central point, to usoa3 tho central
school-house. Or, it may be that somo building
already standing, would sufficiently mctt the
wants of tho new school. Then provide a compc.
tent teacher for tho cntiro yenr; but if that class
of property-holders who lnvo no direct interest In
the school, nnd who nro too mean unselfishly to help
forward a thing of that kind, should be too numer.
ous to permit this, engage a teacher for six month'
or for four or three, as tho enso might be. Let tho
Union District bo formed first, und then secure a
school as often and ns long as possible.
Butsupposo thcro is no prominent central i II
lago In 11 town, 110 building suitable for such n
school, nnd no disposition on tho part of thctnhab
tants to provldo such a building, the project of a
Union School need not even thin bo abandoned.
Two or thrco adjacent school districts, situated in
any part of the town, under tho general Union Dis
trict School law of tho State, could form themselves
into 11 Union District, and support a high school in
ono or tho other of their school houses, during a por
tion of tho year when school houses are not occupied
nun iuo iegu1.11 iuier or summer District School.
The fall senson would, doubtless, bo tho most con
venient tlino for this school; and in fairness to all
parts of the Union District, tho school should alter
nato betwocn tho different school.houses of that
district.
Another form of this Graded School is a divis
ion of tho scholars in one district according to their
attainments, forming two schools whero thcro is
now but one. This form would be practicablo and
highly useful whero tho district was large and the
scholars numerous; Iu fact, every school of forty
or fifty scholars ought to bo thus divided. There
is abundanco of labor In such a school fur two
teachers much moro than one can do thoroughly.
Tho rank which theso HighSchools would occu.
py would vary with tho liberality and energy with
which they wero sustained. Many would fall far
short of what tho Academy should be, or even now
is. Others would be fully ablo to fit boys for Col.
lege, or graduate them Into the world with a good
business education. The existing Academics should
enter into the system, as they could without chang.
ing their standing, except, perhaps, for the better.
Tho College too should be freo to all; a thing
whioh many of tho warmest friends of our Colleges
havo long desired and labored for.
Such is the Graded School in theory. Shall it
mode practical ? Without doubt there are numer
ous and formidable obstacles in the way of imme
diate success. Tho popular attention must be dl
reeled to the subject. It must bo discussod and
agitated by its friends, in every house at all suila.
ble times. Its simplicity and feasibility must be
explained and enforcod. Its ultimate economy
must bo ghown to thoso whoso pockets aro to bo
affected; for it cannot bo denied that increased
expense will be incurred in this now system. Hence
tho opposition of property-hddcrs will bo one of
the most formidable obstacles to bo overcome. But
t,hls obstaclo has been removed in somo places and
the system set to work; and it can be done as well in
others. It may require many long years of persistent
effort on tie part of its friends to remove this ob
stacle, and to open tho minds of the people to a
correct view of the cntiro subject. Is not the ob
ject worthy this earnest and protractid effort ?
Then lev Teachers and other friends of Education
throughout the Stato bo astir to create a hialthy
populsr suntlracnt respecting this matter prepara
tory to tho ultimate and completu reign of Graded
Schools. M. P. P.
Steamboat Explosion, On Saturday af
ternoon, tho stoain tug Petrel exploded in
tho Hudson at Now ,York, just opposito Du
anoj tstroet Pier. Tho disaster was witness
ed by thousands who wero nssembled to wit
ness tho departuro of tho California steamers.
Somo ono had just been 'seen at tho wheel
houso, waving his handkerchief to a friend
when tho tug burst into fragments, with a
dull report, foMowod by a crash like thunder,
and instantly disappeared in a cloud of steam
Tl, body of tho enginoer was thrown on tho
steamer Broadway, breaking through tho
hurricatio deck. The fireman was picked up
from tho water, badly bruised. Tho bodies
of tho pilot and deck-hands were not found.
Tho Captain was ashore. Tho fireman says
there were soventy pounda of steam on, at
least twenty nioro than the boiler would
bear. Tha Petrol was a tug bout of fifty
tons und valued at 800(1.
Scdden Death. Sanford Lawrence of St.
Albans, living ut the Bay, was fuund dead
last Saturday morning, in the fields. He had
gono out to hunt tho day beforo and not re.
turning at night, search was made and his
body found. II is gun was found ubout ten
rods from him, and the conclusion was that
ho was suddenly eciiud with a fit or somo lio
Icnt Hints and being unable, to mako his, eon
dition known, died there. Tho body was yet
warm wheu found. His ago was about 10.
Ho leaves 11 wife und two children.
Iowa. For tho first timo in its history,
every department of tho Stato of lona iB Re
publican, with a clean representation in both
Houses of Congress (rimsj, already elected,
taking tho place of Jones in tho V, S. Senate
after tho -1th of March.
The IJai'iit Church in Johnsm will ob
servo tho Hth Inst , ns the 50th anniversary ttiosu and roofs and fields Wednesday mom
of its furmatiuii R'v Sa'uu 11 exacted j g, 'e hear that there is snow enough for
to deliur an addr I sleighing in nome parts of Underbill
Vermont Legislature.
.Condensed from Walton's Dally Journal.
WrnxtsnAT, Nov. 3.
IloriE. Kills introduced and ttferrtd.-Xy Mr.
Lynde, fopay thoTownof Oullfiird; by Mr.llou.e,
to pay town of Berlin (for brldgo broken down In
drawing massive granite for tho Sfato Home); by
Mr. Randall of Roxbury, to pay Ellphalet ltcwett
S7M fit for material for Flalo House,
lltialnt,rM.v Mr. Mllllnrtnn. renuest ne com
mittee on banks to Inquire Into the expediency of
repenllng law rclntli'o to bank redemptions In New
lorn ami Boston; adopted,
Knaromed bill. Relating to Common Schools.
Mr. Orontt moved to striko out tho 5th nnd Cth
seo. of tho bill.
Mr. Necdhntn otinoscd tho amendment. One of
theso sections provided that those children whont-
tenu tno nui c schoo s. nnl not t noso who wanuor
In tho streets, shall receive tho benefit of the school
fund. Tho bill had been framed with great caro,
nnd theso sections havo received the favorable on
Inlon of tho friends of education in all parts or the
Stato.
Mr. Kellogg called for a division of tho nmend'
ment. nnd thn ftth Rrelton was considered first.
The Sneaker called Mr. Deano of Cavendish to
tho Chair, and proceeded to show the importance
orthc 5th section of tho bill, provided tho bill bo
finnlh nnsseil. ns this section, it would bo readily
seen, was necessary for tho proper carrying out of
other sections.
Mr. Itnnnds nnnrnnrl Ibn Rtrlklnff nut of the 5th
sect., as It was neccssiry for tho practical working
or other provisions 01 tno mil.
Mr. Olmslpftd called for the nrevlous nucstlon
nnd was seconded bv the House. Tho nuestlon bo
Ing tnken on tho motion to amend by striking out
tho 5th section, It was disagreed to by a strong
rote.
In the nftcrnoon tho bill was taken up, nnd the
amendment to striko out tho 6th section wm lost.
'I ho Chair ruled that the nrevlous nuestlon hav
ing been demanded by tho Houso, no debate was
In order. Tho bilt wns then ordered to be en
crrrerl.
The bill relating to tho exhibition of "trained
nnlmals " wns tiken up. Tho bill was favored by
Mcssr". Kandall, hellogg, ueane, jiatnowson nna
Woodbridze. nnd was onnosed bv Messrs. Olmstead,
Prindle nnd Rnsenm. Tho nrevlous Question, on a
motion to dismiss, was demanded and sustained, and
the bill dismissed ayes 120, noes 93.
TnnnsnAY. Nov. i. 1859.
Senate. Mr. Bartholomew called up Senateblll
to repeal an act authorising tho business of bank-
lni. Ho thmixH It had been aatlsf ictorllv nroved
that no security was made to the bill-holder under
tho provisions of this lew. Tho South Roynlton
Bank wns a fair exnmolc to Illustrate this truth.
The bill was ordered to third reading.
Tho Governor nominated Calvin Pease of Bur-
llnton .T. Tl. nmrllxi, of nraltleboro'. and Tim
othy P. Rcdficld of Montpelier, as the Board of
Education for tho year ensuing; wnicn nominn
Mftnt worn rntlflprt h v 111 o Spnfttfl.
nnl,,l,i n Mr. Chittenden, that the Prcsi
dent of the Senate and the Spcakor of the Houso of
Representatives adjourn their respective nouses on
enncsday tne seventeenin aay 01 -ovemu iu,.
at six o'clock. A. M.: adontcd.
House. Uncrossed bills Relating to oommnn
schools. Mr. Strecter moved to commit the bill
to a member for amendment, striking out tho word
"eighteen" in sec. 6. and inserting " twenty,' as
tho maximum ago of schola'rs on whom the public
money Is divided.
Mr. Whitney moved to amend by adding after
tho word " discretion" In sec. 4. tho words "with
the eon-ent ofiimlnritv of tho legal voters
slid district" thus requiring their consent to rc
vftlrrt thn rertl fientn of n teacher.
Mr. Nccdham for tho committeo on education,
moved to commit for tho purposo of making 6cvc
rnl slight amendments doslraoioto pcncciino uiu
Mr T.in.ixv nf Diitlnml moved to amend bv strik
Ing out tho ilth nnd 12th sections, (requiring tho
Board of Kducntlon to preparo an abstract of the
school laws, and to designato school oooks.;
Mr Vrrln nvnlnlned ihfi TlumOSO of thcSC S6C'
Hons. They wcro Intended to prevent (what had
often beon doncj Superintendents from becoming
agents for publishing houses, nnd thus creating
great diversity in tho uso of books, and frequent
changes at great expense.
Mr. Woodbridco concurred with Mr. Ferrln.
Thu lil 1 1 wns not tho inauguration of a new sys
tern, ns somo supposed, but it merely offered means
to put tho laws wo nlrcauy nave in eucciuui ope
rntlon.
Tho House adjourned.
Tn tha afternoon, tho bill was airain under eon
Merattnn. The Homo roted to striko out the 11th
section. The question then recurred on striking
thn .rztn section, requiring me jjoaru 10 iur
mshaliktof scnooi ijvui... i- Tin.Uvnf Rut.
lnnff. said thnt if he could understand tho 12th
ection ns do tho friends of the bill, or if he could
bo suro thnt it would be permanent, he would voto
lor it, nut 11 was likely to be cnangeu oy me icg
Isl.ation of each year.
Mr. IVoodbridra thoucht thlsasa very im
poitnnt section, and necessary for tho perfection of
tho hill , 110 thougnt tno worus aumorauvo ami
binding" referred to tho Board, and not to teachers
and superintendents, and were binding on the
Board of Education aiono.
Mr. Llnslov withdrew his motion to strike out
the twelfth faction.
Th motiou bv Mr. Necdham to amend tho
wording of several sections was agreed to, and the
bill was then ordered to lie, on motion 01 3ir.
Llnslev of Rutland.
Jymt Resolution. Vox tho final adjournment of
tho Joint Assembly on tho lith -Nov. inst. ; on
motion of Mr. Kellogg, laid on the table.
The bill relating to Common Schools was then
tnken up and pa&amp;sed without a division.
VERMOXT LEGISLATURE.
The Senato Tuesday mado the Vermont
and Canada Railroad bill the special order
for next day at 10 o'clock, and ordered to a
third readiDg tho bill making an appropria
tion for a Statuo upon the Ethan Allen Monu
ment.
In the Houso, among a number of bills, one
for tho relief of tho Town of Huntington (re
mitting State taxes for a tims on account of
the great freshet,) was discussed.
(By Telegraph, by the Vt: cf Boston Line.)
Montpelier, Nov. 10.
The bill for tho relief of Huntington was
dismissed this morning. Voto, Ayes 188,
Nays 2.
Tho bill relating to the duties of Law Re
porters, providing for tho publishing of 100
volumes for the uso of the State, is under
discussion.
Mcrderous Assault and Suicide. We
learn by Rev. Mr. Atwater, of Crown Point,
N. Y., that a terrible tragedy was enacted in
that town on Saturday evening last. Mr.
Gilbert Huestix. while his cousin, Mr. Villo
Hucstis, was visiting him, deliberately walked
up stairs, took a bayonot, returned with it,
und stabbed his cousin thirteen times ; after
which ho cut himself in several places in his
arms, with his jack-knife, severing tho arte
ries. His wounds wero bound up ; but on
Sunday ho tore off tho bandages and bled to
death. Gilbert Hucstis, tho murderer and
suicide, had been considered partially insane
for seieral months past, and the deed is sup
poocd to havo been that of a crazy man. His
lictim, Villo Huestis, was reported to bo in a
dying condition, yesterday. Both tho men
wero heads of families.
Tho Charleston Mercury is so disheartened
by the result of the late elections that it again
threatens to break up the Union if such do
ings aro allowed to go on. Hear its com
plaints und menaces.
" At the late elections, almost every man
from tho North who voted for tho act has been
buried forever politically beneath its turbid
waters. ThoPreoident's home, and thecounty
and state, havo turned their faces in rebuke
and anger away from him. Throughout the
whole North, southern slavery is still the sub
ject of condemnation and hate; and moro
than ever sectionalism broods over and black
ens the northern heart. Those of the Demo
cratic party who voted against the Conference
act havo gono over to the abMitionis s: whilst
those who voted fur it havo declared their hos
tility to tho only feature which secured it the
supnort of tho South; thus presenting one un
broken unanimous sectional array against it.
" Will not tho wholo South seo, at last,
the only alternative which ever could have sa
ved tho Union, or their rights within itsince
tho agitation of slavery? People of the North,
leave us to our rights in peace, or wodissolve
tho Union "
THANKSGIVING
Wo learn fruin Walton's Journal, that Gov.
Hall has appointed tho good old-fashioned
day for Thanksgiving in Vermont this year
th first Thuisday (seconJ day) of Decern
b?r next.
The First S.now of the season whitened the
Mvntrit. fioctr.Tr. Tho annual
mr-etlnir nf tlin Slntn Medical Society took
,nd2iHh of
berof pliysi-
1 of the Stato
placo nl Montpoller on llio VWth and iui 01
ucioner. A consmeranic numwi
cians from tho various sections
Wefo In attendance.
In tho nfler'noon of Wednesday tho Houso
of Representatives tendered to tho Society
tun nro nt their hnii. nnn Doin urnnciivs ui
tho legislature adjourned for tho purposo of
giving tho members nn opportunity of lis
tening to the annual address 01 1110 i reoi
dent of tho Society.
Tho address of "Dr. Stevens, tho President,
was of a very interesting character, being a
sketch of tho profession ot tho Stato from nn
carlv dav'. and moro turticularlv a history
01 tno society irom lis organiiunuu, u'h
r.f - n- ... . f ,. i 1!.. . ,m!i
tno onnacles wnicn irom timo to nine 1
impeded tho progress of true medical scienco
in tho State, and drawing from tho history
of tho nast. inferences flattering and encour
aging for tho future, closing witli some prac-
tical remarks on the relation 01 inoptoics-
s on tn tho eommun tv.
T . 1 , r 1T1 ,, ttmn w.) 1
in mo evening ui , uum-ouajf .... i
occupied to a lato hour in tho discutsion of
euvcrni interesting ihuuioui wyu.o.
r,ariy on Aiiursaay morning uiu outii;..,;
convened, when treatises were read liy Urn,
Allnn nf Middloburv. Carneuter of Burling
ton, and Pinoo of Hartford ; also a short but
very interesting sketch of tho life and charac
ter ol tno lato ur oames opaummg ui rami,.
TMilior wnn vMn htr Iir. Ldark.
Tho following ofiicors were elected for tho
ensuing year : .
nr. n. I,. Allnn of Middleburv. President
v.. A. Kn r?ht. SnnncUeld, tco ao.
P. Pineo. Hartford. Rec'ing Seo'y,
O. Tt. Chandler. Montpelier, Cor. do.
Chns. Clark. do Treasurer.
r n. Phnnrllnr. do Librarian
V.rmitinf Committee. Drs. J. N. Stiles of
v;,Unr. rbarloa Clark of Montrjelier, W
tl TT TlihnrHnn. ditto.
DcU'talcs to Med. Dept. 0 Untve suy oj
Vl.,at Burlington -Drs. G. M. Hall of twan-
ton, f . J'ineo nt naruorn.
Delegates to Castleton Medical coucge urs
Wm. jMCUOllum 01 rvocncsier, tt .
lilMinrdsnn nf Montnelier.
H.
Medical Association
Drs. W. H. Rockwell of Brattleboro, C.
T. Al on nf M ddlehurv. II. f. Stevens 01 nt.
Alhnnn. F,. D. Warner of New Haven, E. A.
Knitrht of Snrinefield.
Cases were presented and new instruments
ahnwn lw manv of tho members.
Tho statistical tables prepared and arrang
ed h Dr. Allen of Middleburv. under the
provisions 01 the statute 01 1000, enow gran,
fnhnr nnd industry, and cannot fail of being
of creat servico to scientific men throughout
.. r , ,, , . 1 - , , ul.
tho country. I ney win do puunaucum i
form by tho Stato Legislature.
The semi-annual meeting of tha Society
will bo held at Windoor.on the last 'Wedncs'
dntr nnd Thursdav of June next.
Tho session was one of great interest, and
gives promiso ot an awaicenoa zeai in uio in
vaiuaoic oujecio 01 iuu ouuieiy.
P. Pixeo, Secretary.
Laoeu Bier intoxicatino. Tho question
" is Lager Beer intoxicating?" was discussed
forenoon in a justice trial, of which wo havo
the following report.
State v. Antony Fat Beforo F. O. Hill, Jus-
tlco of Peace, nnd jury consisting of R. Lilly, W
Partridgo, Wm. Hunter, Rollin Bradley C. Mid-
roth. Tho jury decided that the sale of "Lager
Beer" was interdicted by the Statute of 1S52 and
found respondent guilty of four offences. Case ap
pealed by respondent.
Jeremiah French for prosecution, T. E. Wales
and D. Roberts for respondent.
Tue Young Men. A writer to the Al
bany Journal, from Hudson, says:
"Several tlilnuenrn noticeable in this elec
tion. In tho city, I know thirty-one young
uien wnu vuieu lor ids urBt.ume, anu inir
ty of theso voted tho Republican ticket. In
New Lebanon, eight voted for the first timo,
and every one voted tho Rej,ulllon tioket.
So it is in most towns. The youth are with
us. This speaks volumes.
Lifelike. Miller is getting up some beau
tiful and lifelike Photographs, colored in
oil, about theso days. They aro fully equal
to city work, as aro also his India Ink and
plain photographs. If you doubt, drop in
at 147 1-2 Church Stroet and examine speci
mens.
Tue One Eve Ststem. Mr. Hiram Bemis
of Waterford raised this summer 200 bushels
of potatoes from three bushels of seed. The
seed was cut with one eyo on a pioce,and two
pieces put in a hill. Some of the potatoes
weighed three pound.' and hve ounces.
Teachers' Institute. We trust that the
teachers of this town and of thecounty gene
rally, are making their arrangements to at
tend the institute, which will be held by Mr.
Adams the Secretary of the Vermont Board
of Education, at Essex, on Friday and Satur
day next, Nov. 12th and 13th. We need
not enlarge upon tho great value of such an
opportunity for instruction and mutual con
ference and improvement, to every teacher
and town Superintendent. Wo hope that
any ono who doubts whether it will pay to
attend tho Tnatita wm Mti,fr ninl.,if
by one day's trial.
Burglars in Vergennes. Stevens' Hotel
and Kcoler's shoe store wero broken into by
burglars in Vergennes on Wednesday nigh
ost. From the first, two or three over coats
were taken. From the latter nothinz.
Heavy Bank Robberv. Tho Delaware
Bank of Delhi, N. Y. was broken
into on Monday morning, nnd $37, 000 stol
on. Tho robbery was discoversd on opening
the Bank.JTho door was openodbyafalsekey,
and tho eafo was blown open. No clue has
yet been obtained to the successful robbers.
A reward of $3,000 has been offered for their
arrest, and for tho rocovery of tho monoy.
Election Anecdotes. One of our "adopt
ed citizens," the day before election , made
his appearance at the City Hall, and after
somo hesitation approached one of tho police
ttini ui uvjs ueen paia snure, nut
there's a trifle of back rint that's owinir
couldn't ye jist do that, and mako sure of
mn at rtn9
In a neiehborinc town ono of thn unm
class appeared before the town clerk, flour
ishing his tax bill, for tho purpose of having
his name put on tho check list. "Write
your name," said the clerk. Tho "gintle
man" took tho pen bv the tin of tha feather.
and after scratching about on the paper,
threw it down. "What's that 7" said the
clerk. "And enure, isn't that a J, and a
hen, and'a why; and doesn't them same spell
John Murray? By this time the head man
of this squad had got and inkling of what
wrus going on and came in, took the fellow
by the shoulder, telllcg him to go away.
"And ehure, said he in return, 'haven't I
paid three dollars to vote, and now ye're
going to chato mo out of it. It's a burning
shame; bad 'coss to you intirely." But he
lost his vote.
Toward night, when tho returns had so
far come in as to make It certain that An
son Burlingame was elected, two of our
udopted citizens wero discussing tho news
which they had just got. "Jamie," says
one, "they say Governor Gardner did that
same." "Well," replied the other, "I was
thinking that spache did the business."
Boston Transcript,
Illinois. Our despatch states that Mr.
Douglas has a majority of five in the House
and three in the Senate.
A good thing. The patent folding olothes
raoks, manufactured by Lyman Thayer of
Shelburne, and sold by Dewey A J.'S. Pierce,
in Burlington, is a capital thing. It will
commend itself wherever it is tried.
Tne Prize Fioht. Hcenan fias challenged I
Morrissoy to another fight for $5000 nnd I
' ' ho elmmnlonshln of
"pwa dsaside, and tho championship of
America." Tom Hycr also announces his
readiness to fight him or anybody else for
$10,000. Morrissoy, however, is not inclined
to nnothcr trial. Ho declared In ad
vance that this was to bo his last fight. Ho
says that his wife's connexions are opposed
to his continuing in tho "profession." He
Intends to open a grog shop and lead a res
pectable and moral life in future.
TiisTrtrtEF. Nationalities in Cincinnati.
Thcro is a portion of Cincinnati called "Over
tho Rhino," in which tho (iennans clncay
rcsidonnd exerciso a controlling influence,
It contains four wards, and tho four gavo at
Rcmblican maioritr of
" - - .
AS". ""0 nro iuur unic
P .1 i 1. T.' Vr.t I. I .... ctm.l
lurmcr iiujb nure itiu ....... .b
)0s. Americans chiefly inhabit thcui. They
.... ,!. .amn t tnn n Hl-lUlld Cntl Ina-
"' " ...
inritvnfl087. In four other wards tho Irish
j ..
mntn1.n,in,l. Thoso wards cave, at the
nnmfi time, for Slavery and Democracy a
majority ot ijju.
Vermont Mutual. At tho annual meet-
ing of tho Vermont Mutual Fire Insuranco
Company at the office, Oct. 20, 1853, the
following gentlemen wero elected. """
lor inu year ensuing
Daniol Baldwin,
T. P. Rcdficld,
E.S. Camp,
Washington County.
S. T. Thurston,
C. Dewer.
Geo. Worthington, Jr., Orleans
John Dewey, Essex "
W. H. H. Bingham, Lamoiilej "
F. H. Fcssendcn, Windham 11
D.L.Lyman, Windsor "
H.D.Hall, Bennington"
Wm. Clapp, Franklin, '
John M. Martin, Caledonia "
B. W. Bartholomew, Orango "
Wm. Weston, Chittenden '
Davis Rich. Addison "
Moses Hawkes. Rutland "
Giles Harrincton, Grand Isle.
Subsequently, the following officers were
re-eieciea :
Daniel Baldwin, President.
Timo. P. RedGeld, Vice President,
Charles Dewey, Secretary.
James T. Thurston, Treasurer.
A Check to tije Receipts or Western
Produce. Tho Buffalo Advertiser of Thurs
day evening sayB tho receipts of wheat at
nearly all tno estern lano pons suow a
marked decrease when compared with thoso
of tho previous week. Tho shipments have
also been corrcsnondincly light. At Chica
go they aro scarcely one-third of tho previous
one, anu only aoout onc-iourtn as mucn ns
in the corresponding week of last year. Tho
roccints at Milwaukie aro also llcht. when
compared with those of last year at this
timo. At lofcdo tne receipts uunng tin
past week havo averaged about 9000 bushels
daily also a marked falling off from the re
ceipts a few weeks since. It is stated that
at several points along some of tho Illinois
railroads, tho millers aro unable to procure
enough wheat to keep their mills running,
and that several of them have, within a
short timo past, cent to Chicago to mako
purchases, rather than stop their mills
altogether. This falling off in receipts is
duo mainly to tho unwillingness of farmers
to sell at presnt low rates.
Slavzrv in Delaware. Ono of tho Dela
ware papers has recently come out with a
long and earnest editorial in favor of tho
abolition of slavery in that State. It insti
tutes a comparison between Ncwcastlo and
Essex counties, tho former being practically
a free, and tho latter a slave county. In the
former improved land is worth uer fifty
threo dollars per acre, while in the latter
similar land is worth but seven or eight dol
lars per aero. Tho plan of extinction pro
posed by tho paper to which wo have alluded,
is to make all children born or brought into
tho State after the next 4th of July, froo at
tho ages of eighteen or twenty-one. This, it
is thought, will affect no individual slave-holder
seriously, while it will have an instant
and powerful influence on the prosperity of
the State.
The Philadelphia Young Men's Chistian
Association celebrated their fourth anniver
sary on Tuesday evening, the 2d inst., by a
large meeting in Jayno's Hall, in that city.
Five thousand persons ara said to havo been
present, and among them were delegates
from similar associations it eleven other ci
ties and towns. The Rov. Henry Martyn
Scudder, M. D., of India, delivered an inter
esting missionary address. It appears from
the annual report read at this meeting, that
the Philadelphia Association now numbers
1922 members (an increase of 729" during the
past year,) and has a, library of 2783 vol
umes. Dr. Scudder related several interest
ing anecdotes to illustrate the wit and acu
men of the high caste Hindoos, whom the
missionaries find it so difficult to convert.
Among other things he said
In a discourse I was speaking of faith,
there came to me afterwards a noble Hindoo
(and they know how to flatter), and said,
Jou spe" our language beautifully,
1 flm. delighted tohear you. This thing yon
speak about faith is very interestinc : but
sir, allow me to remark that a man may be
saved whether he has faith or no faith.
Do you see this monkey?" In order that
you may understand theapplication, I must
imorm you mat tue lime uiun&amp;ey lies unuer
the abdomen of the mother, supporting itself
witn us nanas ana tegs around the Dooy with
out her assistance, and thus sho takes it from
limb tolimb. "Look at tho monkey there
is faith. But did you ever seo an old cat
carry a kitten ? She takes it by tho neck
and walks off with it. That is no faith If you
iiuto muii yuu win ue eavcu as mo young
monkey ; but if you havo no faith you will
by carried aatheoldeit does tho kitten,"
(Laughter.) This, doctors of divinity, is a
fair field for you, (continued laughter.)
One of thoso 'English muffs, yo know,"
came over into the "states" tho other day,
from Canada. He took lodgings at an inn,
in a bordering village which shall do nameless,
He had dinner and among thoso who sat at the
la Die witn mm, was the waiting mam, whom
ho designated as " servant," ' but he received
an indignant correction from the landlord:
"We call our servants, Sir, Helps. They air
not oppressed; they air not Russian scurfs.
' All right," said the bloody Britisher," ''I
shall romomber." And so hn did, for in the
morning he awoke the. whole houso, by cry
ing out at tho top of his.voice, which was like
the tearing of a strong rag; " Help! help!
water! water! In an instant every person equal
... . 1. ,..1.. i 1 : 1. : . 1 1
w tne uko&amp;n f ubiicu iuui u,9 luuiu W1U1 Vt pull
of water. "I am much obliged to you, Lam
sure, " he said; " but I don't want so much
water, yo know; I only want enough to shave
with!" "Shave with?" said the landlord;
'what did you mean by calling 'Holp! water!'
wo thought the house was afire." i'You told
me to call the servants 'Help,' and I did; did
you think I would cry warrr when I meant
re."
Photographic Evidence in Court. We
learn from the Boston Advertiser of anew use
of the photographio art. Several large pic
tures, taken by Whipple &amp; Black, the well
known Boston photographers, of two adjoin
ing estateson Washington street in that city,
were offered in evidence before Judge Bleelow
of the MasschusetU Supreme Court, at a hear
ing In a case touching the rights of the own
era ofa party wall. The Advertiser remarks:
"No description in words, or plan by a sur
veyor, could have afforded so satisfactory in
formation as to the details of the wall,as these
photographic pictures gave, with most reliabl
accuracy. A series of pictures taken during
the progress of any works, ooncerning which
a question is likelv to arise in court, micbs
of the utmost ssrvioe in establishing the fact
in the case, by a species of testimony which
from its nature, must be unimpeachable."
Dr. Johnson beinc once asked whom hn
deemed the most miserable, replied, "The
man who cannot entertain himwlf with a
book on a rainy dav."
Atameetlni of the Boxer Engine Company No
8, of Burllnglon. held al their Bngino room on mo-
lit day of November 1859, the following resolu-
7 hitiAan, hj Jcrclnah ,.rencl, Ksq.,
unantln011!ly B,Jopieil.
nahed, That wo have hoard with regret of the
death of M. L. Church llsq., former Captain 01
this company.
Ti.ni II,- members of this company
-m ..... ni.A-i.i. tl,n tniwnnrv nf our departed
rvl.n,! fnrtlin enurteST an.I nil! ITV Willi wnicn no
m,i I,l,r1,i.,l nn.ltlmi lii the irift of our com
inny, and especially for his enterprising rtnu pu..-
',...., Tl, ,.. 1.1. frtinllw trn totulemur Unlt-
Hri'HVCU, xiuw iu .... . j --- .
.., h.i.i.. in tur hnnr nr sorrow anu
bereavement, anu mai 10 mem me v,n.-i- ......
a copy of these resolutions.
Attest, C, IIILDRBTH, Work.
Arrest. Willard McDaniel.u dngufrron-
typist hailing from Jay.Vt., was arrr-itcd m
St. Johnsbury, on Tuesday last, on charge of
passing sovcrul counterfeit bills on tho An
dover, mid orcestcr County Hanks.
Tho lloton Tract Society have voted to
"u ,u,u """" -"J- jr
. . ., ,,..r.t
c.t ........
nu among mem is ine ir.iui u. ou,ru.
1..... .!.. ..:,...t 1... ,i. v... v,.-t, ...
""""J "J
cioty.
. ,,.,. .,..; vprv .rulv savs :
I l Tbn dlnnftitlnn tn rhnrtrfl fivnrv thine unon
Govcrnor Seward is funnily illustrated in the
comments of some of tho papers upon his
speech at Rochester, in which ho declared
hieen xpressed scores of tiines by Clay and
Webster, but which the men who abused
Clat and Webster, living, and eulogizo them
dead, denounce ns abolition. Tho slavehold
ers of a portion 01 Maryland have held several
meetings to take into consideration the nu
merous escapes of negroes ; last week they
held another; and although it is only one 01
a series commenced long before Seward's
Speech , tho New York Herald heads an arti
cle upon it with 1 Seward's Abolition Speech
bearing fruit.' "
The SurroLK Bank. At a meeting of the
stockholders of the Suffolk Bank, yesterday,
a petition was received from twenty-three
lioston xsanks, requesting the auuois: uank to
protract tho time mentioned in their last cir
cular three months, in order to givo them
(the banks,) more time in which to decide
upon some definite plan for the establishment
of a now institution. This request, wo un
derstand, will be acceded to.
We also understand that tho Suffolk Bank
will be willing to receive, assoTt and count all
foreign money at the rato of 25 cents per
$1000, which 19 tho price they charge for bills
so received from New York, &amp;c. This will
remove the objections that havo bean hereto
fore mado of inequality of charges, ni It docs
away with special deposits. Trav.
Men grow angry and rough ; thoy swear
and mako hammers of their hands, and talk
big and loud, and very little is trodden upon
but toes ; it is a fair fight. Not so when
young ladies havo tho fatal gift of biting sar
casm, and with a incrry laugh hurl a toma
hawk at somo poor fellow who is bound, as
much as if the Sioux had him, by the
thought that his mother was a woman, and
ho must treat all women courteously for her
sake.
That is the reason why in all personal
collisions when tho fairer half of humanity
arc assailants, a man is suro to bo whipped
if ho docs not chose valor's better part and
run away. Thoso younjr, ladies aro not rare
who have a fancy for being cutting as well as
killing, and are constantly saying severe
things. Wo mean no disrcspect,"but a sharp
young women should be contrived like a pen
knife she should shut up. Chicago Jour
nal. Sad Aicident. A lad about leeven years
of age, by tho name of Melvin Codding, was
recently killed at Watcrville, by the falling
of a tree. Ho went in company with a young
er brother into a field where their grand
father was engaged in digging potatoes, and
had kindled a firo nt the root of a tree. No
notice had been taken of the progress of tho
fire, until it was perceived that thotreo was
about to fall. Tho old gentleman caught up
tho younger child in his arms, and bid the
other to run for his life, but bo unfortu
nately rnn in tho dirwtion tLo tree fell, and
was struck upon the head by ono of tho limbs
of tho falling tree, and survived only about
an hour. Vindsor Journal.
The Americans of Victoria asked permis
sion to rear a liberty pole, to whicti they
would put a star spangled flacr,. The request
was instantly declined. "Well," said the
crowd, "let s raiso a pole and stick the flag
of all nations upon it." And so thoy did
what they said they would do, and the petti
coat waved from the Liberty pole '
On Gender. Punch slanderously says:
The sun is called masculino from its support
ing and sustaining the moon, and finding her
the wherewithal to shine away as she does of
a night, and from his being obliged to keep
such a family cf stars. The moon is femi
nine, because she is constantly changing just
like a ship blown about by every wind. The
church is feminine because she is married to
tho state ; and Time is masculine becauso he
is trifled with by the ladies."
N". P. WillU "hates the build of a trotting
sulky, with a driver looking as if his spine
was screwed into the axletree a man with
wheels on him."
Robert Hall was onco asked what he
thought of a fine sermon, which had created
a great sensation. " Very fine, si' her, re
plied, but a man can't eat flowers."
An Honest Confession. A Democratio
editor in Tennesseo makes tho following frank
avowal ;
Democracy is progression. What was
Democracy in Jefferson's time, is not Demo
ciacy at the present day. What was Demo
craey in General Jackson's day, is not Demo
cracy now. And, indeed, what was Demo
cracy ten years ago, is not Democracy to
day. Democracy is progressive.
Progressive indeed, but what way doei it
head?
An '-old rat" in B. A. Moroy 's apothecary
shop, Lee, has long defied all modern inven
tions for his capture. The clerk therefore
baited him on dinners of bpttered crackerr,
which the rat relished exceedingly, but when
at last a little strychnine was sprinkled on
ono sido, tho knowing varmint turned the
cracker over and scraped off bit meal from he
other.
Tho State Department cautions persons
against communications from irresponsible
parties in England, who Jwriting under as
sumed names, try to induce parties hero to
make remittances for the recovery ofeetates
to which they are led to believe tnoy are en
titled. A Sharp Retort. At tho discussion be
tween Billinghurst and Larrabee, at Portage
City, on Tuesday last, tho Judge in the
course of his reply to Billinghurst made somo
stiong pro-slavery remark, which raised a
weak hiss from the further corner of the hall.
The Judge instantly threw himself into an
attitude, and putting his hand behind an
ear exclaimed, "I think I hear a snake."
Immediately a voice from the crowd answer
ed, "It is in your boots, 'Judge." The
Judge evidently did not relish the joke Mil
waukit Sentinel.
Born at South Windsor, (Wappiog) Ct.,
Oct. 22, 1857, two daughters and a son, and
Oct. 13, 1858, two sons to J. F. Strong
making three sons and two daughters born
within a year, '
Slightlt Satirical. The Vice-President,
in concluding his Utter to the Illinois Demo
cratio Committee, advising the support of
Douglas, expresses his 'cordial wishes for the
harmony of the democracy of Illinois." The
Providence Journal says he might ct well
send his cordial wishes for the solvency of the
Ohio Life and Trust Company.
Boston democratio papor says of ths
election "We are glad the thing is over
Now let us all settle down and earn sn
honest living,"