How the Cable was Laid
Mr. Field describes the feeling which pre
vaded all on board the Niagara while the
cable was being laid, as one of the most in
tense excitement. Every man exerted himself
to the utmost to achieve success in the work.
Throughout the six and u half days the most
perfect silence and attention pervaded the men
lest a single moment of negligence should de
stroy the cable. On the t lie first day after
the paying out began, it was found that the j
cable was being paid out at a rate which in
proportion to the distance run, would if con- j
tinned, defeat the enterprise. This was owing ,
to the fact that the cahle on the Niagara had j
caused so much local attraction as to seriously j
derange the compasses, rendering it impossible
to steer the ship. Next day, Commander
Dayman, of the Gorgon, being apprised of the ;
fact, rati ahead of the Niagara steering in the j
ruot direct course for Trinity Bay. This lie !
continued to do day and night until they ur- I
rived, never leaving the deck except for a few j
moments, and-verifying his position by repeat
ed observations of the Sun, Moon and Stars.
When his arduous task was accomplished,
his eyes were swollen and suffused with blood
from long loss of sleep and he was almost 1
prostrated fro.n the immense fatigue which he
had nndergono. Without his assistance the
cable would have been exhausted long before
the Niagara reached land, and to his agency,
therefore the success of the achievement is
largely indebted.
On Wednesday morning, Aug 4,at Bo'clock
land appeared to the N W , about 35 miles i
distant. An hour later the Againemon signal
ed that she had paid out 82i&gt; miles of cable,
being precisely the same quantity as that laid
from the Niagara. At 7 12 p m , Her majes
ty's steamer Porcupine hove in sight, and Capt
Otter, her commander, who hid for some j
weeks been engaged in surveying Trinity Buy
nrd the Bay of Bull's Arm, boarded the
Niagara to pilot her into lite harbor. At 8 j
p A. Capt. Otter rejHirted the Telegraph Sra- i
19 miles off. There bad been payed out from
the Niagara 985 miles, 17 fathoms.
As it fcould have periled the safety of the !
cahle to have waited for daylight before re- 1
tunning operations, the steamer was kept light
on through the night. Captain Otter, who is
r. skilful pilot, is also a very prudent man. An
ticipatiug that the Niagara might arrive in the
night he had caused boats to be stationed up I
the bay, along tiic course laid out for her, and
at a signal the men in them kindled blazing
torches, and people along shore lighted iitige
bonfires to guide the mariners on their way. j
The Niagara, guided by her care.nl pilot
steamed .-lowly up the bay, and at 1 I 2 o'clock
on the morning ol Thursday, August sth, she
came to anchor close to the shore, in seven
teen fathoms of water, having succeeded in her
share of the greut undertaking. She had
payed out 1013 miles, and telegraphic signals'
were constantly flowing through the entire
length.
Sir. Field landed near the Telegraph Station ;
Trinity Bay, at 2 o'clock in the morning, and
walked to the Station House, half a mile c'is- |
taut, through the wilderness, not a person ;
being visible on the beach. At the Telegraph I
House he found the operators from London
fast asleep, not one of them exacting that
the enterprise would succeed Indeed they j
had not unpacked their trunks, anticipating i
that in a week or two they would be ordered j
back to London; the Station House was un- !
finished, work upon it had censed, aud none of |
the instruments had been prepared fur use.— j
The a-tonishment of the operators, when they
learned that the cable was laid, may be con- 1
ceived. At 225A. M. a signal was received
from the Agamemnon stating that she had pay
ed out 1.010 miles of cable Mr. Field then
telegraphed to the associated Tress the glad ;
tidings of success.
When div hroake. the boats were all lower- !
cd and 1-300 fathoms of cable were carried j
ashore. First Lieutenant James H North ;
handed the shore end to Capt Hudson, who \
placed it on the bench. A procession
then formed, headed by Capt.. Hudson and Mr. |
North, followed by the officers of the Niagara j
Captains of the Gorgon and Porcupine, their ;
officers, crcwa, and the crew of the Niagara.— (
Each taking hold of the cable, they inarched
np from the beach to the telegraph station i
house, a distance of a half a mile, where they
deposited the end of the cable. Capt. Hud- ;
sou theu offered prayer aud a few remarks ap
propriate to the occasion, when the ceremony
of landing terminated. The officers and crews
then returned to their respective boats, reach- i
ing their vessels at 6 o'clock in the morning, i
The Gorgon and Porcupine carried the Aineri- ;
can flag at the fore, and the Niagara the I'ug-j
lish flag at the fore, and the Telegraph flag at '
the inizzi'i).
The Agamemnon telegraphed t i r. M , on |
the same day, { Thursday, August 5,) that Mr
hid landed her run'of Ihe oibU. O'l the an-j
nonncement of this fact the Gorgon fired a
salute of twenty-one guns, and her crew mount-1
ing the rigging, gave three hearty cheers,
which were as hearth returned from Niagara.
All hands went below to rest from their;
labors.
In conversation with Mr Field, we learn
that the reason why signals and not words
were sent through the cable as it was being
laid is that on the previous attempt the Clerks
indulged in irrelevant conversation, which dis
tracted their attention from duty at a time
when the slightest obstruction might be fatal
to the work. The Directors therefore ordered
that signals only should be sent through the
cable from ship to ship. Both vessels had
Greenwich time, and the electric current play
ed to and fro between theui for ten minutes
each way.
The signals showed that on the first day
the speed of the Agamemnon slightly exceed
ed that of the Niagara, but on the succeeding
days thev went at the same rate, there never
being more than twenty miles difference be
tween them. When the cablo was landed at
both end.-, Mr. Field applied his tongue to
the cud, and received the cheering information
that the insolation was perfect in a shockjthat
nearly threw him over. The reason why mes
sages were not transmitted earlier, was the
fact that all the apparatus at both ends was
new and untried, aud required a great deal of
care and skill to adjust.
Mr. Field states that there is not the slight
est doubt that the cable is an entire success,
as great or greater than -its most sanguine
friends had looked forward to. By the Persia,
yesterday, he wrote to the Directors to prepare
another cable at once, as it was evident that
the present one, which will in a short time, he
believes, transmit messages as rapidly as an
aerial line, will be entirely insufficient for the
business which will flow to it.
Until the Ist of September the line will be
elos'd to all messages save those from the
Governments of Gr°.t Britain and the United
States.
News from all Nations.
—Some miners recently attempted to dis
possess Col. Fremont, by threats anil force,of some of his
property. He, however, stood to his legal rights,and the
! Sheriff and Gov. Wefler came to the spot, disarmed the
rioters and re-tored peace Fremont's bearing was most
i linn, but mild and determined.
—Tom Corwin, the Wagon Boy of Ohio,
formerly Whig Governor and Member of the U.S. Cabinet,
i is nominated for Congress by the Republicans of the 7tl
district, and has taken the stump. It means something
when .-.noli veterans re enter the ranks.
Foreign new.s render certain the suppres
-1 sion of the Mutiny again-t the British rule in Indiu, they
i being victorious in every battle.
—The Pruzer River Gold -mines are now
denounced as a cruel delusion, and thoumnus who rushed
there are paying enormous prices for the coarsest food,
I or—starving.
| —We learn that the Erie Railroad Compa
-1 nv have sold out their Express business on the road and
its branches, to the U. 8. Express Co. The transfer took
place the first of this month.
About 10 o'clock Tuesday night a new
tenant house upon the farm of Mr. John V. Woodward,
near William-port, was destroyed by fire—the work of
an inceudiary.
—lt is estimated that the recent accident
on the Erie road will cost that corporation i 100,000.
—Thomas Lloyd, formerly of Danvilb, Fa.,
was acoidently shot in Canada a short time ago. He was
on a shooting excursion and was killed by a premature dis
charge of a gun in his own hands.
The N. \\ &amp; E. R R. Company are at
present engaged in filling up the deep ravine spanned bv
the Cascade bridge, the highest on the line of the road.
Mr. B Ten Broeck's horse Orianda came
off victorious at the Goodwood races. Orianda led from
start to finish, and won easily by two lengths.
—We learn that a young lady from Huwley,
named Mis- (jueen. was fatally injured by the cars, wink
on her way from home to Scrauton last week to attend
the feathers* State Convention. Amputation of the in
jured limb was resorted to, a- the only hopes of saving
tier life, but in vain. She died in a short time, despite
every assistance.
—The next State Fair is to be held at
PittsburgTrom September 2- to October 1. inclusive.
—Philadelphia will soon have six steam
fire engines in active service. They are infinitely su
perior to the old style hand engine.
—Gen. Pierce and lady are now in theSouth
of France, on their way to Paris. The distinguished
traveler will be the guest of the American Minister there,
Mr. Mason.
—The Mobile Advertiser states that at
Greenville, Miss., a family of seven fell victims to the
•• milk sickness.'' Milk was a daily article of food in tin
family, and they ignorantly continued the u-e of it after
the cows bad bccu attacked by the prevailing disease,and
died.
—An old Italian Razor Grinder committed
suicide last week, by hanging himself to a stake, ou the J
farm of Daniel Frazier in Montour county. If soine of;
the strolling " organ grinders" who infest the county i
would depart to some other locality, the community would !
suffer no loss.
A man who was tired of waiting for the
Queen's Messages perpetrates the rollowing :
" Why is a cow like a baby
" Because one drinks water aud makes milk, nnd the
other" doesn't.
—We hear apprehensions expressed, lest
news coming along the Atlantic Telegrap wires,through
2,000 miles of salt water, will not be freak when it gets
here.
—The editor of the Columbia (Pa.) Spy.
having recently alleged that a terrible and fatal disease
was ravaging York, Pa., has been arrested for libel, oa j
complaiut of some of the citizens of the latter place. 1
—John Armstrong has been sent to prison i
at Newark. New Jersey, fur fifteen days for stealing an
umbrella.
—The Teachers' National Association, in
se-oion last week in Cinciualti, adjourned to meet next '
year in Washington.
—The St. Louis Rcpiibfic/in says that Pre- '
sident Buchanan is expected to visit that city during the j
Agricultural Pair, which is to be heid there in Septem- \
ber.
—The family of Mr. James Mnnsgrore, of
Stillwater. Wis . were poisoned a few days since by eat ;
ing mush rooms, or toad-stools, resulting in the death of
two of the children—aged seven and ten years. The pa
rentH will probably recover from the effects of the poi
son.
—Hon. William Strom*, of the Supreme
Court of Pennsylvania, has been elected by the Phi Beta
Kappa Society of Yale College, as the orator at the next
annual commencement.
I —The Yellow Fever is very fatal in New
! Orleans this summer, and 306 died of it in one week—
! Some cases have occurred in New York and I'hiladel
; pbia.
—The wine, brandy, cigars and tobacco im
■ ported into the United States last year, cost $11,034,866.
i —The Kaston Express is out for Professor
Morse for President, and Cyrus W. Field for Vice Prosi
! dent, on the •• People's Ticket." A few years ago Pro
! fessor Morse was a democratic candidate for Congress in
j New York, but was defeated by a republican.
—The M'Kcan county Bank, we learn by
j the Potter county Journal, gave up its ghost a few d3ys
; ago. The cashier decamped with $71,6 )0 of its funds,
| was arrested in XPW York and committed in default of
hail. The bilN of the bank have l&gt;een thrown out in New
' York, Mr, Kingsbury, its president, says the Journal,
i w ill secure the holders of its issue against loss, being able
and willing to do so.
—We learn that a severe thunder storm
passed over tbe lower section of York county, on Toe.--
' Jay Dight, lasting three or four hours, during which a
; large quantity of rain fell, much to the relief of the corn
! crop and vegetation generally.
—On Thursday lust a collision occurred at
Oxford Furnace, X. J., between a coal train and an en
i gine, in which a Mr. Henry Earnest, of Raniseyburg.N.J.
I had both I"gs broken, besides sustaining other injuries,
j He died Irota the effects the same evening.
—Some months ago J. Porter Brawley pros
j ecu ted the editor ot the Uric Dispatch for libel. The case
■ was ti i&lt; J !a-&gt;t week, when live jury returned a verdict of
not guilty, and ordered the prosecutor, Brawley, to pay
! the costs.
—The Michigan Republican State Conven
tion met at Detroit Wednesday, and nominated Moses
Wisner for Governor ; E. B. Fairchild, for Lieutenant.
Governor ; and Nelson G. label, for Secretary of State,
—The United States Mint in Philadelphia,
was robbed, on Wednesday, of about S2OO in gold, which
was taken from a cabinet by means offalse keys, by two
respectably-dressed men who had called to visit thcMiut
The suspected parties are under arrest.
—Win. Gratt, of Wareham, Va., has been
sentenced to six months imprisonment at hard labor for
kissing a young lady against her will.
i —Margaret Fox "ne of the original " spirit
! rappers" or " toe-crackers" has joined the Roman Catho
lic Church—So, it Is stated, has Mr. Bright, the Loco
Foco Slave-holding U. S, Senator from Indiana, elected
j by frauds aud trickery.
I _(Jen. Cass, it i stated, will soon leave
' Washington., for a brief v i*ii l&lt;&gt; Htonington, Conn.
§riii)forVßc|)orbr.
E. O. GOODRICH, EDITOR.
TOWANDA :
Thursday Morning, August 26, 1358.
r Kit MS — One Dollar per annum, invariably in advance.—
Four tot rkx precious to the expiration of a subscription,
notice will be given by a printed wrapper, and if not re
newed, the paper will in all cases be slopped.
CLUBBING— The Reporter will be sent to Clubs at the fol
lowing extremely low rates :
6 copies for $5 00 jls copies for sl2 00
10 copies for 8 00 | 20 copies for 15 00
AnvKKTISKMKNTS— For a square of ten lines or less. One
Dollar for three or less insertions, and twenty-five cents
for each subsequent insertion.
JOB-WORK — Executed with accurani and despatch, and a
reasonable prices—with every facility for doing Rooks,
Blanks, Hand-bills, Ball tickets, fyc.
MOVKY may be sent by mail, at our risk—enclosed in an
envelope, and properly directed, we will be responsible
for its safe delivery.
LATEST FOREIGN NEWS. —The steamship
Arabia arrived at New York, Saturday, from
Liverpool, which place she left oil the -Ith.
The British frigate Agamemiion arrived at
Yalentia on the morning of the sth inst., and
the successful laying of the cable sent up the
telegraph shares in one day from £'3so to £BSO
A breach of continuity occurred in the cable
on the evening of the day that the Niagara
and Agamemnon parted company in mid ocenn,
which lasted an hour and a half. The Aga
memnon was stopped and the injury repaired,
though not until the hopes of holding on to
the cable had been abandoned. On Friday
the 30th nit., encountered a gale, against
which the ship, under full steam, could hardly
make headway. The three succeeding days
he gale continued with violent squalls, the seat
running tremendously high, and no one expect
ing the cable to hold from one moment to
another. On Wednesday, the weather moder
ated, the shallow water was gained, and all
went well till the Agamemnon anchored in Dow
las Bay. The German papers state that the
Queen of England's visit to Berlin is to arrange
the question of the Regency, with a view
to protect the interests ot her daughter. The
Emperor and Empress of France were re
ceived with great enthusiasm on their way to
Cherbourg. The Queen of England and the
Emperor met on Thursday, ou board the
Bretagne. Tl* weather was magnificent and
the fetes were carried out according to
the programme. The King of Holland was I
about to abdicate. It was rumored that the
Sultan was about the employ Abd El Kader,
to allay the religious excitement of the
Moslems. Relations between l'ersia and Eng
land had been reestablished.
ftaJ- A carpet bag, containing SOO,OOO in
bills of tlic Hatters' 15 ink, of Bethel, was left
in a very mysterious manner on Tuesday morn-;
iug at '.be resideuoe of Captain Walling, (of
the Detective Police,) in Seeon I-avenue, New
York. No clue has been obtained as to the
perpetrators of the robbery. The individual
who left the carpet-bag wore a slouched hat,
and was evidently a good deal disguised. The
amount stolen from the B ink, it will be re
membered, was SBO,OOO, of which sum $75,-
000 were issues of that institution, $0,300 in
gold, and the balance bills of other banks,
drafts and certificates of deposit. A reward of,
$5,000 has been offered for the recovery of the j
money. Ever since the robbery, Captain Wall
imr and several offi-ers of his squad have been
industriously at work endeavoring to ferret out
the robbers, and they do not despair of being
eventually successful.
THE CANAL COMMISSIONERS WAKED IT. —
We learn from the Philadelphia papers that
1 the Canal Commissioners met in that city last
week, and adopted the following resolutions :
" Whereas, since the passage of the act of April, IS.VS,
authorizing the sale of the canals belonging to the Com
monwealth, to the Sunbury and Erie Railroad Company,
suggestions have frequently been made to the Board &lt;&gt;f
Canal Commissioners, by citizens from different parts of
the State, that the law is unconstitutional, and that it
was a duty which the Board owed to the people of the
State to test before the highest Court of the Common
i wealth the correctness of these suggestions :
" And, whereas, the written opinion of the Hon. C. R.
Buckalew, who had been consulted upon the subject, has
just lie-en laid before the Board, which opinion is adverse
to the constitutionality of the law, therefore,
Resolved. That the President ot the Boa d consult with
tiie Hon. Jeremiah S. Black, and Wm. L. Hirst, Esq., and
that if they concur in the opinion given by Mr. ltucka
icw, they are hereby requested to commence the proper
proceedings iu the Supreme Court without delay."
THE ATI.ANTIC TELEGRAPH. —'The N.Y. Tim's
i of Saturday says :—" The Atlantic Telegraph
was yesterday in good working order. .Mr.
FIELD received two dispatches—one from A
MACKAY, Esq., Superintendent at Trinity Buy,
and the other from Mr. DE SANTY, Chief Elec
trician—announcing this gratifying fact. Mr.
DE SANTY says that a very explicit message
was sent yesterday morning to Mr. Mel VEX,
agent of the Cunard steamship's line in Liver
pool, relative to the damage sustained by the
steamship J Europa iu her collision with the
Arabia. Mr. FIELD also received from Yalen
tin a dispatch from G. SEWARD, Esq , iu be
half of the Directors on the other side, con
gratulating him on the successful issue of the
enterprise. This iast dispatch was in answer
to one transmitted by Mr. FIELD on Wednes
day.
JjggT A most destructive fire occurred at
' Rochester. N. Y., ou Wednesday night. Five
blocks and twenty stores were destroyed.—
Celebrating the laying of the Atlantic cable
has been an expensive affair to Rochester ;
this being the second disastrous confhigaration
which has resulted from the display of fire
works on the occasion.
yellow fever iu New Orleans still
continues to increase. The number of deaths
by the fever for the week ending on the 15th
inst. was 286, showing an increase of 140 over
the previous week
STATE TEACHERS' ASSOCIATION.
EDITOR REPORTER :—Tiie annual meeting ol
the Pennsylvania State Teachers' Association,
was held at Seranton, Luzerne County, week
before last, commencing on Tuesday the 10th,
,and continuing u;J Ti tarsi lay evening.
The members of the Association were wel
comed to the pleasant borough of Seranton,
' and the hospitable homes of its citizens, by a
, short, but appropriate and eloquent address
from Hon. GEO. SANDERSON.
The attendance was unusually large, there
j being between six and seven hundred teachers
and friends of education present. The whole
proceedings were marked with that friendship
and kindly feefing tint should ever character
ize the doings of a body of teachers. The sub
jects for discussion, were thoroughly examined
and rigidly analyzed by the several speakers,
i The proceedings were not intermixed by at
tempts to force " woman's rights " upon tlve
action of the Association, as has been the case
with a s'tnilar organization in an adjoining
State. Great credit is due to the president,
Prof JOHN F. STODDARD, for the fairness and
promptitude with which he discharged the du
ties of his office.
All were greatly disappointed, that Hon.
HORACE MANN was not on the ground to fulfil
the appointment made for him. The gentle
man who made the arrangement not being
present, no one appeared to know why Mr.
M VNN was advertized, or why he did not come.
Addresses were delivered by the President,
Mr LEWIS, of Chester, Dr. BURROUGHS, Hon.
11. C. HICKOK, Judge JKSSUP and C. It. Co-
HURN. An essay was also read by a young la
dy from Wayne, whose name we did not learn.
On the afternoon of Thursday, the Associa
tion, by invitation, proceeded to Hyde Park,
a village about two miles from Seranton, for
the purpose of dedicating the new brick school
house, which the enterprising citizens of the
borough have ju&gt;t completed for a graded
school. The house was crowded long before
the time for the exercises to commence, and
hundreds wept away, not being able to find a
place to stand where they could hear.
Addresses were made by Hon. E. 1&gt; CHASE,
of Wilkesbarre, the State Superintendent, the
editor of the School Journal, and Prof. WICK
ERSHAM, of Lancaster. The Seranton Band
lacing present, enlivened the proceedings with
several well selected and skillfully executed
pieces of music.
If some of our friends in the villages of this
county would have been present, and examin
ed that building, and a similar one in Seran
ton, and noted their solid, substantial architec
ture, their exterior beauty, and the superior
convenience of the internal arrangements, and
then compared them with the school houses in
some of the villages of our county, I think
they would not have felt flattered by the com
parison. The people of that section of La
zcrue are taking hold of the graded school fea
ture of our system, and they know how to prize
its superiority over ail other systems. Would
that some of our boroughs would do the same.
Let one good, thoroughly graded school be
put in successful operation and be sustained
one year, and there need be no fears for the
result ; others would be started in spite of all
opposition.
The last session on Thursday evening was a
sort of social gathering, where each speaker
tried to make himself especially witty and
agreeable. The Association finally adjourned
at ten o'clock on the evening of the 12lh, to
meet next August at West Chester, Chester
Co. A'l appeared pleased, and the pleasant
associations there formed will be long remem
bered.
The people of Seranton took especial pains
to make the stay of the teachers among them
pleasant. Females were entertained gratuit
ously at private houses, and males at greatly
reduced fare at the public houses.. Mr. RICH
ARDSON, the County Superintendent, and Mr.
JKNKS, the Secretary of the board of directors
of Seranton, are entitled to the hearty thanks
of all concerned, for the liberal and perfect
arrangements made to accommodate all.
fcaf At the late session of the Evst Gene
see Conference of the M. K. Church, the fol.
lowing appointments were made for this por
tion of their work :
TKOY DISTRICT —S. \Y. ALOES, P. E.
Troy—Dexter E. Clanp.
i Towanda—N. A. 'V IV\Y.
Wei I-.borough—.John Jemlomon.
Mansfield—Richard 1.. Stillwell.
Maiusburg—J. H. Buss.
laiwreneeville and Tioga —T. Nichols.
I Charleston — Olva Davidson.
East Smitbfield—ltcuben Drake.
Ulster and Athens—-Geo. W. Coolbaugb.
Jackson — John Hutehins.
IS.yalsock— Charles J. French.
Monroeton—Win. Armstrong.
Freiiehtown Austin.
Leonard Hollow—Daniel Clark.
B.irlingtun—Ralph I). Brooks.
Canton Henry T. Avery.
Kuuxville—Elisha Sweet,
j Chatham—John Powell.
DROWNED.—Z. HICKS, connected with Judge
Yates, in the Milling Business in Athens,
Township, Pa , about one mile from Waverly,
was drowned last Wednesday afternoon. He
was iu company with a number of hands to
work on the Dam, a short distance from the
1 Mill, and during the heavy wind he lost his
hat and while attempting to regain it he got
into deep water, and before he could be res
cued met with the above sad fate. He leaves
a large family to mourn bis untimely loss.
—
IMLAY'S BANK NOTE REPORTER, a new work,
is upon our table. Its appearance is favora
ble, and judging from a hasty examination, we
have no doubt it will be found a useful and
valuable work. It is published weekly, semi
inonthiy and monthly—subscription price,week
ly, $2,00, semimonthly, $1,25, monthly 75cts.
per annum, by Chas. G. linlay, No. 112 South
3d St., Philadelphia.
Mr. Gitow lias been spending the lust
few weeks, at the watering places, recuperat
ing after the labors of la/t winter. We no
tice that his presence always creates a sensa
tion amongst the fashionables. A correspon
dent of the New York Times writing from tlr*
White Mountains, relates the following inci
dent :
'The lion of la.*t night vm* Honorable GAI.C
SHA A GROW, the |&gt;rowess of whose single fist
upon an extraordinary emergency last W inter,
knocked KIETT'S wind out of hi in, and left cm
bodied chivalry quivering Tike n jelly on the
floor of Congress, while still innocent of con
tact. MR. GROW has been recuperating for
some time at the watering places ami among
the mountains. The ladies and the clergy have
vied which should most make it a triumphal
march. There was- a great fluttering of lace
and illusion opon Mr. GROWS arrival liere with
a brilliant beauty under his protection, and the
fluttering was quite alarming when the Indies,
rushing to the register, found the lady wus
written down, in the Pennsylvania Member's
own hand, as Mrs GROW. Was the chase up,
then ? was tiie lion caged at last '! and who
was the happy woman ? It was all tl/e topic
for full an hour—it displaced even the arrange
merits for the next day's excursions. Should
they coine in to tea trailing arms, vanquished
and outdone, or was tlere still an open field !
At last, a man armed with authority from a
curious crowd of agitated dimitv, inarched ITJ
to Mr. GROW and inquired whether he should
congratulate him as a married and sensible man.
So it caine out that Mr. GROW waa happy in
the possession of a brother who was a sensible
man, and a man of taste —and that he, was
still a bachelor. He bore the batteries which
followed, and which brought sundry others to
quick capitulation ; nobly, at least, he manag
ed to Gaul off for repairs without openly strik
ing the llag."
jßfciy- On Wednesday of Inst week, the barn
of Mr. Avery Ft ink, on his farm near Jones's
Lake, about a mile northeast of Montrose,
was struck by lightning and burned, together
with a large quantity of hay and grain which
it contained. A boy who was in the upper
part of the barn at the time, escaped uninjur
ed; and a yoke of oxen attached to a wagon
on the barn floor, ran out unharmed. Tiie fire
seemed to burst out simultaneously all over the
roof and the destruction of the building was
very rapid.
We learn that one-half of the hay and urain
belonged to Mr. Frink, and one-half to Mr.
Estus, a tenant residing on the farm. The
loss must be severely felt by both.
jfejy- A riot occurred recently at P ivenport,
lowa, in consequence of the refusal of bankers
there to redeem the notes of llie Florence Hank
of Nebraska, which they have put in circula
tion. An attack was made on the Hank of
Cook A Sargent, and the residence of Mr.
Cook, with brii kbats and stones. The out
break was suppressed temporarily by calling
out the military, but broke out again, and the
hankers were compelled to commence the re
demption of the currency. The difficulty was
not entirely settled at last accounts.
s$- A serious tire occurred near Strouds
burg, Pa., on Thursday night, which destroyed
White's tannery. The loss is estimated at
$25,000, on which there is an insurance of
SIO,OOO.
A Poo BLOWING a MAX'S BRAINS OUT
Yesterday morning, a little before ti o'clock.
S. J. John, furniture dealer, 23 East Fourth
street, residing near College Hill, arose, and
opening the front door and seeing a hawk Hv
ing about, the barn, he called a servant girl,
the only person about the house, to bring him
his gun, which she did. Having asked her if
it was loaded, she said she thought not, when
' e requested her to go to his room and get a
box of percussion caps. During the girl's
absence he raised the hammer of the gun and
was about to blow in the barrel, when a favor
ite dog came bounding towan I Mr. J , his
paws striking the trigger just as the weapon
was raised to his face. The gun, which was
loaded, with a cap on the tube, was discharged
the shot tearing off a portion of his skull
and dashing out his brains. The domestic
screamed, and the various members of the
family sprung from their couches, and rushed
agonizingly to the horrid scene. The husband
ami father lay dead upon the fl-ior, his head
and shoulders being across the threshold ; the
blood was streaming from Ins mangled face and
head, and clotted masses of brain were drop
ping in splotches from the ceiling to the floor.
The fatal charge tore away part of the left
side of ' is face, striking under the eyebrow,
took a some what oblique direction backward
and perforated the skull, carrying with it
almost every particle of brains iu the brain
pan. Ihel ft side of the upper Hp and tiie
left nostril were also burned by the ignited
powder into a crisp. He must have been kil
led so suddenly and quickly as to have been
unconscious of the least pain, or even of the
cause of his destruction.—[ Cincinnati Com
mcrictl Aug. 10.
TIIK NORTH BRANCH CANAL AND THE COAL
TRADE. —The successful working of the North
I Branch Canal is now a fixed fact, and we no
i tice with pleasure that coal is being shipped
by boat to western New York quite briskly.
Tiie Canal, we understand, is in the most per
i feet order, and we know the managers too well
to suppose for a moment that they will allow
it to tail, it energy and perseverance can main
i tain it. This settled, it seems to us the true
| policy of flu co;iI operators along the line of
| Canal, is tc&lt; push coal north as rapidly as pos
sible, and take advantage of this long wished
for avenue to market. We have no doubt, at
; the low rates of toll which the company have
i adopted, the whole western part of the State
1 of New 5 ork can be supplied at a lower figure
Iby this than any other route. It lias been sug
gested, that should it not meet with a ready
sale, it can be stocked in large quantities at
Elmira, Geneva, Montezuma, Rochester and
Bull.do, and when once stocked, there would
be no difficulty in negotiating money sufficient
to pay tolls uud 'ransportation, payable when
the coal is sold—and there is no doubt lint it
would meet with a ready sale before Spring
Our coal will command a sale in any market
where it is known. Is it not for the interest
of our coal operators and capitalists to send
their coal north over thccaim! ? -Lw;. Uu'mu
In Bed with a \v
frequently heard of snakes visitj n . l, 1,a b
of their sometimes having bee n fo'i7r &lt;~!' 1
under beds, but we do not reer-©ji*c t
Lug heard of as remai kable T '*'•
uwfal death from a snake as lis,. f/.ii ' rc,Dl M
In ted* to us hj T. W. Wu whn r,
when it octmvd. About five week
children of .Mr. Jacob Schell livTT' '* ,J
three and a half miles west of Wad';''
one aged nine the other four y.- Un 'j 1 '"
weary from the excessive heat | a \- ]'"
the bed shortly after dinner, and"*,.''* 1 ' ° J
asleep. Sometime during the after,' **
Schell and our informant, who liar]" 7'
work in the field were compelled to 7 14
house for shelter from a heavy sho&gt; r ' t*
had scarcely entered when Mr* 8 v tt . ■
place some of the covering which h;a! 1 *
misplaced,when the horrible yight met i
the head of a huge rattlesnake project7"* l
between the two children, and its 77
close proximilty to theirs. Mr s '
course much frightened, and there isn7" *
doubt but that it would have terminals7' 1
ty to at leat one of the children, lm,)
been for the providential arrival of t! 7
men who with more presence of mind , '''
removed then/ from either side of the '. •
the same time; without alarming the
thus nndouhtedly suvhig theiT li Te? %.
snakeship was then nna-remoniotßlj di&gt;-
ed. It proved to be a very large'ooe !
six rattles in its tail. I low he &lt;'ot
mystery.— Peoria Union. ° ****
Mu.itart Encampment. —The site for'T
Susquehanna," comprising about one i 77
and thirty acres, has beeu located ootl.7
of Hon. Robt. c. Grier, about a mile *77
this borough. Tiic ground selected is a
lj!e by the general high-way to Jersey
and by Railroad. The Committee uf ar-,**
have secured special cars to run from W '
sport to the ground during the time of tj-?v
campmeut, ly which passengers can be
there or back in two minutes. There *7"'"
Commissary's tent for the accommodati®*,!
sol iers and people generally, wUich u,
under the immediate direction of the U,;j7
sary General, J. Ilvninn Fulraw. 1t*,,,7
brace a post oflice, where letters dreiteV",
soldiers and persons attending the
uieut can be got and also mailed as in *
regular post office, a victualing deptr.
barber shoj), etc., etc. The location 7
beautiful one, and systematically laid ont u
arranged by competent engineers.-—lf v
fori (rtizeJ'.e
DELEGATE ELECTION.
IMIt ItejiiiWi ;.n \ Icr- tx, s .
|a B r"' are n-q &gt;••. it
brand Jury Boom. &lt;&gt;: i S.VTI'KDA V . sKl'TK'ttihi: , i
4 o'clock, I', XI., lor tl.e purple of cL-. ta.,. :*
gates 11 represent said It &gt;r&lt;&gt;" iu the C"&gt;uuty r Wc
to be held Monday Evening, Sept. t;, 1
J- V. GEIGER.
GEO. BiiiTT i\'
J H. Xh'Y!\&gt;
V i£, I I®.
flVa* EDUCATIONAL l ,
liJU Av.ojiati.ia wdl hold it- ( nrtrrlv v.... g
Taj i r- C'Tuer*. :u the t &gt;w:i .if Grinnlle. ,i Fr:<l*v*l. (•ami'="" *ettis="" -4="" 1="" 1).="" 21.="" 3l="" :u="" ;="" a.="" addles*="" an="" and="" at="" attend.="" aug.="" be="" bentley="" business="" by="" c="" camp="" cause="" come="" commence="" daniel="" ducu.-i'.us="" edi<wii.i.="" essay.="" flyy.="" geo.="" gr="" held="" i.="" in="" is="" itidgnury.="" itieads="" ive="" k="" k-..="" k.-i="" k.wikv="" kith.="" kq="" l.a.i="" ladies="" livered="" lltli="" lot="" loth="" may="" meeting.="" meeting.-a="" ml="" most="" o'cluek,="" of="" oi="" on="" other="" pl*s="" raj*="" read="" roiinected="" september.="" sve.="" t="" t'reek.="" t.="" t.v="" tea="" teachers,="" the="" tiie="" tions="" tire"s|)ay,="" tliat="" to="" t■="" up="" vited="" vkv="" vs.="" will="" with="" xi.,="" xv.="" young="" •="" •saturday,="" ■="">t day id \ .*.
to continue through the week, and over th
Sunday. All are respectfully invited to :te:..i
pg*py GROVE MEETING.— The Universal r
tLSf hold a meeting in the grove ue.ir Mr. t'.ITL
KIEKCE-S, ill I'IKE, the Fourth SUNDAYIi. Al ■"
(2ld), lst;s.
■Hgy A CAMP MEETI vG m
tIW Hill, t &gt; eoinmeu. t the ISlst uud ..
the 101 l itviug Sunday. I'ers ns . .niing tr &gt;.;; a •'.
had letter tiring i loth tents with Own. Tent •T
--lie furnished on the ground. Pasturing found r&gt;
No huckstering will be allowed within the i/ri'F
scribed by law. A boarding tent will be on the (M
to furnish all who desire. By order of f.unir.ittee
liw ¥@©i?t
FALL TRADE!
118 s t t !
JF* aC W "P '
JOSEPH KINOSBERY,
TWO DOORS BELOW PUBLIC SQUARE.
' I LYKES pleasure in informing lbs customer-
A public generally that lie is now prepared I
MDST ELEGANT AND ATTRACTiVt STOCKS
AUTUmiM GOODS!
EVER EXHIBITED IX THIS BOROUGH
Constant additions of desirable articles will be ms •*
no pains will be spared to keep up an a-orta: -
Goods, which for beauty, variety ami cLes; -
CANNOT BE SURPASSES
Special attention is invited to the depart®**'
READY MADE CI.OIIIN
In which may lie found every variety of
kept by houses who devote themselves ex hwv .' • J
branch of trade.
Towanda, August 20, Is", v.
CHE AP LUKIEER.
400.(XK)£ESf?
quality, suitable tor Fencing. Barn B.MTII-- '.".'K-.- : t
ling up for Building purposes, will be - ■ ', :i a
Ka&gt;h, Fanner's Produce, or iu puyiueot for haul'" '
from the Mill to the Eluiira and Wii amq
W. H. PHILIP
Granville Steam Mill, August 16,1®55.
r ICENSES.—Notice is bereby g
IJ th follow ing named persons ha 1 , e fii' ■ ,n #
of the Clerk of the Court of Quarter Ses-i
--tion tor license under the exi ting .jw- of
wealth, and their severalap|i!iv'tttions n il : • l ' ',
the Judges of the Court of Quarter S. s '
the 6th day of September next, at 2 o dock -a
noun of said day :
fOR V TAVERN : , ~iJ
Ezra Holcomb Canto®'"
ALLEN M KKAN.v-' 1
Clerk's OPje. August 16. Is'.s.
K. u\ otroM, .ik '
Overton a montanvk. *
I.J ll*— Office ia Union Block, f inner. v 0 •
J as. Macparlanb.
SELECT SOI U&gt; ()T -
Tor Youn? Ladies. ..
Miss MARY K. CBUBBUCK . MrH u ;; : . cV;
notice that she will open a Sele i &gt;■ ll ■ " j
Ladies atd Misses, in the room foriiHTlv
Miss Hansons, to coaaincoceou MONDAi . ,
A limited nuintier only will be taken. an.l 1 " #
ters herself that from long ex|ierieiie&lt;- in **"
will lie ejabled Ui do justice to tlic scholar* - 1
her care.
TKKMS. PKR QI ARTF.K OF 14 "" K ,! Jl
Fir*/ C7n—To include Uve eleuiCJ.tary h.C- r *' p 4
Branches. ,
.SVcoiuf / v.(*—To include the more adv.m'f' ■' p *
lish Wuiehes. with Mathematics anil j ' ,l "- ,
Third Clas* — To include Mathematics "'"* l ,
Mental Philosophy, Rlietoric, Botany, Au-
Litis. '
-Muaic— instrncrien on the Piano, w . j i"' 1
me-nt per quarter, ilO ; French, per teruu -- 1 '
ing 6.1, extra. . -qbe*" 5
Instructions in Vocal Xlnsic will be go eu
charge. hen' ff 12
Each pupil will be expected to proud® " ■
drs!, and c'h.iii. I
ter Any imormation in reference to t® y &lt; . i
be obtiijed by applying to H. &gt;■ Mc-ir 0 '
Tor audi, XitgttM IT. lko s -</l*v*l.>