it this mooter to com) from, these bard
DItOOKVILLE. INDIAN Atimeay ut ths question to rot mid
IDIDlTi 50TKXUCK SS, 1804.
SIXOLE COPIES of the
IJD1AXA AMEBICAXcux be had
at thi See, neatly enveloped and pre
paid with stamps at fv ctnit each.
TUS T&amp;SX SdOOLl.
We learn that the School Trusteet
Kate made arrangements for opening
the Free School for a few months.
As this suggests the subject, we will
take occasion to say s few thing (n
JTtrtace to jour, schools, not caring
whether our riewe arejpopularjor un
popular. -
' la the first place, we say that the
nonsyto be spent for teachers and
house rent, might nearly as well be
drown away. In saying this we do
avot mean to disparage the teachers,
fcrt to condemn the system of hud
dling together about two hundred chil
drtn, three months la a year, under
new teachers, with new rules of teach
ing and governing, if indeed'any sya-
tim of gorcrnment or instruction can
be applied to such a school in so short
i time.- The children are to be of all
get, sexes, attainments aad habits.
Some will be there who hare attended
other schools erer since the frco school
eloted last spring. Others who were
than in the same class, have spent the
rummer in playing in the streets, or at
work. It will be the work of half a
quarter to class such cases, as they
should D6,'and atbcst.'the classes roust
be arranged tojgreat disadvantage.
The boy from the street will not read
Dy fall in with any rules of govern
ment,' and the boy from other schools
.. will not at onco "get the hang of the
new school' Ileneei confusion must
be the prerailing element daring the
whole term, and, asundor the present
system, short terms must prevail, our
free schools mutt be marked more for
. disorder aad worthlcssness than any
thing else. Is there any remedy?
That is a question of importance, and
one to which the truo man should di
rect his investigation. We will give
our opinion and make our suggestion,
aid then allow others toVlisscnt or mod
ify as they may desire.
We begin by saying that every con
sideration that should move the Chris
. tian patriot and philanthropist, de
mands free schools. And, if free
schools are at all desirable, they sho'd
be of such a character as to bo nscful.
To be useful, they should bo kept up
regularly, and managed with ability.
A wholesome system of discipline
should be adopted and rigidly en fore
ed. They should also bo of such a
character ns to attract, rather than
repel patronage, and so that those who
attend them should regard themselves
the favored ones and not as the out
east and poor. Can such schools be
maintained?
We answer they can. But says one,
it will cost so much. Well, it ought to
, eost much. Such a blessing ought
tot to be desired without cost, and
every lover of children, and of the
oncoming generation of men, should
be more willing to invest funds in
such a manner, than in banks or rail
roads or fine houses or fine clothing.
There is confesedly one obstacle in
the way of a good system of free
schools in BrookviHe that dorn not ex
ist everyplce. We havo a promising
College that supplies the wants of those
who can afford its privileges. This
removes, in some decree, the necessity
of a graded department in the free
schools, and this destroys their efficien
cy and value. This college has been
built chiefly by the voluntary contri
butions of our citisens, and they foci
an interest in its prosperity and suc
cess, and they will patronize it whoev
er may teach in'the free schools. We
regard the existenco of this collcgo m
the only hindrance to the establish
ment of such a system of graded free
schools as would be an honor to our
town. Whilo it exists no other good
. school can exist. In the first place
. those who pay for tuition there, will
not be willing to pay sufficient taxes
' to keep up a free school, of the right
kind. They may bo outvoted occa
sionally and compelled to pay taxes,
but occasionally, say hilf the time,
they wiil put in such a board of trus
tees as will not tax for school purpo
ses, and then tho schools will be aban
doned, at least for a year, and the
desks and furniture will (be destroyed,
and another board, favorable to schools
must begin anew. If they can not
outrote directly, they can easily get up
' some side issue the clock question
the hog question, or something else to
.defeat those who will tax them for
school purposes.
Out there is a greater difficulty than
this in the way. Even if the graded
schools are superior in point of real
worth, there will bo a kind of prestige
around tho college that will cause
children to feci that tho frco schools
are inferior in caste, at least, the
schools for the poor, and'many a poor
parent will do himself injustice to send
bis children where 'richer children ro.
We admit that this is wrong, but such
Is human naturo and it is useless to
quarrel about it. Again it will take
from the higher department so m:iny
students that tho classe will be un
profitably small too small for tho ad
vantage of the scholars.
Another difficulty in tho way is a
.want of a suitable building. Such a
b sliding as we really need can not be
twenty years to come. Even one "of
half the sue and cost will be voted
down. What then aboil we do?
Shall we do without free sohools
twenty years? or what Is worse, hall
we weste several hundred dollars eve
ry year in renting an unsuitable böus
and in keeping up worthless schools?
Shall we continue to live. under sys
tem that will place the means of edu
cation only in tne hands of the rich,
whilr other towns, all around miTSr4?: ml Wlty !u
enjoying the advantage of good grn
ded schools? Surely every considera
tion of humanity says no. ' '
What shall we do? This is a ques
tion for the consideration of our wisest
and best men. Ws make tho follow
ing suggestion hoping it will be re
ceived as kindly as it is offered,
whether others approve or not. We
propose that wj buy the college build
ing and ground for the graded school
purposes. The building, when finish
ed, will be large enough for tho whole
town, for all time to come, and it need
not be finished any faster than the
wants of the school demand. It is
central enough. No child who is too
young or too feeble to go th-re ought
to go to school.
Dut can it be bought ? We do not
know. We have our fears, yet it is
worth an effort to try. We are some.
what acquainted with the motives of
most who have contributed to its erec
tion, and believe they would) as soon
the management of the school should
bo in tho hands of tho sc howl trustees
as in tho hands of the board that now
controls it. All they want is a good
school. A graded school can be made
a better school than any otherikind,
and can be acccssable to persons liv
ing out cf tho town.
Dut this is enough for the present.
We will only add that if the funds
that will be wasted worse than wast
ed this winter, on the free school, had
been added to tho tuition bills paid in
at college, enough teachers could have
been employed to have opened every
department 'of tho college to every
child in town, the wholo year. In
other words, it will cost no more to
keep a graded school, of as good a
character as the college, accessible all
the year, to every child, than is now
paid in town)for school purposes, which
many can not enjoy. We think the
school trustees might, without anydra
propriety, enquire into this matter. It
will hurt no one to ask questions.
AQBZZASIS BTTRPBI82.
A lady in Cincinnati went through n
great deal of unnecessary suffering, in
connection with one of tho recent fail
ures. Her husband and eldest sod
were absenton a little trip down the
river, when the news reached her of
tho failure of the Dank in which, for
years, they had deposited their saving,
with the intcntioa of sotno day buying
a houso and somo land in the country.
How she grieved can be well surmised;
bnt her grief was moro for her indus
trious and self-denying husband and
son, than for herself. How could she
communicate the sad news of tho wreck'
of their hard-earned property? They
had left her in such buoyant spirits fui
a little holiday, an unwonted indul
gence, and therefore much thought of;
and what a sad welcome sho hud in re
serve fer them! They returned yes
terday, but the occurrences of the week
wero sources of no trouble to them.
With the desire of giving her a pleas
ing surprise, they had recently drawn
all their money from tho Bank, mid a
little below Madison, had purchased a
perfect paradise of a farn, ready stock
ed. Her surprise was a pleasing one
indeed, but from different reasons to
what they had expected when carrying
out their littlo plot.
Even John Wentworth long John
Wentworth of Chicago, has, liko many
others, deserted the winking wreck of
Democracy." According to the
Chicago Tribune, Wcutworlli gave the
old hulk n kick downwards, ns he
leaped from her, in tho following lan
guage:
He is reported to have said, tho oth-
day, that "tho old Democratic party
would have bei-n good for five years
longer had not Doughs knocked it on
its head by his infamous Nebraska bill,
but it is so oompletely gone that it
will not pay tho cxpcnscff its burial."
This is second only to the declara
tion of a Missouri gentleman, that tho
"Pierce administration was fast bury
ing the party to a locality not laid
down o. the maps, but supposed, from
accounts to be too hot for comfort."
Turkish Soldiers. One peculiar
ity of the Turkish soldiery is, that
they will smoke. It is a very com
mon thing to see a sentinel wit), a cig
ar in hismouih ; and it is not unusu
al, in passing a corps de ganU, to
be respectfully asked, "Havo you any
tobacco, sir?" Nothing is commoner
when ono happens to bo smoking,
than to be checked by the military, in
a voice between entreaty and com-
msnd, "Wait, sir! A licht. sir if
you ploancj"
Sxixcr School. Mrs. Lanius will
open a select school at her residence,
next Monday. As the Freo schools
will certainly bo so crowded as to be
worthless, we think tho parents of
small children will do well to send to
Mrs. Lanius.
KORS ABOUT SÜD TDfXS.
Hie principle cau-ofvthe preRent
hard tiroes can be juatly attributed to
nothing else but eXtravagsnrrw-not
of tho States, nox the nation, but of
individuals. When wesuy, that we
have bought more than we are able
to pay for, we do not say it In A gener
al way, or as something to' be repeat
ed weekly like ft form of prayer, but
as something appjicable to the great
majority of nil tho familicaln tho lTni-
led, ; StaU This eatravagaoce ap
plica exclusively to no single, or to
no half dosen departments of lifci,.but
common necessities. . It commenced
in small things and' went up to large.
It bejjandtvnay be, in a milliner's shop,
and ended in a speculation,' brilliant
bubble, or splendid houses, "and a
sale by the Sheriff. To say that we
have gone too fast, and too far would
be but thu repitition ,of an old saw,
that has grated on every old woman's
ear for ten years". That we are pro
gressive and speculative, that we make
large 'drafts on the future, endorse
them with hope, discount them with
creditand draw the proceeds at sight,
are but charactciistic of our people.
Dut instead of their general traits,
we must bring up individual appli
cation. Tho gentleman who wears a fifty
dollar coat, whose materials camo from
France, who sports a two hundred dol
lar watch, (n gem in its way, doubt
less, from (lencva.) and who sips his
rare wines from Madcria, has no right
to dismiss this subject without reflec
tion and discussion. His wife nnd
daughters, too, have an interest in the
matter. Those raagnificant silks at
from three to six dollars a yard, those
splendid clonks so cheap at sixty, those
loves of bonnets at twenty-fivo, and
such cxqulsito handkerchiefs at thirty,
all have it voico in the matter. It is
of no uso to state that our importations
have been excessive, and it is a pity
that the naughty importers should have
so drained tho sountry of its gold; for
wherever there is no demand, there is,
of coure, no supply. .
Every ono has observed within a
few years n gn at and rapid change in
our stylo of living and its expenses.
Some of this is legitimate from n really
increased ability, but much is false,
hollow and deceptive. Two years ago
our railroad enterprises were in full
tide of successful operation. Donds
sold readily in foreign markets, credit
was expanded, property went up, and
not only all the world, but tho rest of
mankiml, slapped his trowsers pocket
and thought themselves rich. We
need not attempt to trace tho results of
this general inflamation through nil
ranks of business. Liko the beart at
the centre of the system, it governed
every interest in tho country with
which n dollar is connected. Its worst
excresence, that which reflects the
least honor, or rather tho most dis
grace, whs the personal extravagance
we have spoken of. Money was bor
rowed to furnish houses with n luxury
that rivalled that of a Sybarite.'dcbts
wero contracted for the accompanying
dresses, jewelry, gew-gnws, dinners,
parlies, and balls considered necessary
to maintain a false position, nnd so it
went on, until tho airy and deceitful
tabric came tumbling down upon their
ears with a crash. Men did these
things who supposed they were able to
do them, and when they found such
was not the case, had not tho moral
courage to stop.
If the money expended in this ex
travagance had been diffused among
our own citizens, thcjinconvenicnco we
now complain of would be much less.
Dut we must sond one hundred and
twenty-fiw million to England for
manufactures, of which we could have
produced many at. homo, nnd. done
without more and we must send thir-
ty-ihr o millions to France for silks
and brandy. Is it nny wonder that wo
have hard times?
A Nw Esccunt. A new tuber,
tho Chinese Yam, has been introdu
ced in lurli, from China, which the
chemists mid espcrlmcntlsls say pos
sesses all the requirements of the po
tatoo, and may tnkc tho placo of that
plant as a culinary vcgitablf, Speci
mtus have also been introduced in En
gland, where they thrive well. The
French chemist says of thu Yum: "It
has been domesticated from it me im
memorial, nnd is perfectly hardy in
Paris. Its root is bulky, rich In nu
tritivo (flatter, eatable when raw, cast
ly cooked, either by boiling tr roasting
and then having no other taste than
that of flour. It is as much a ready
made bread a thu potato.' Wo hope
some member of Congress will send us
a spec men from the Putcnt Office.
Swiggett, if you will persuado Hon. S.
W. Parker to do -that thing, wo will
give Tyu half, and give you two
Drahma l'ootra eggt, next spring.
XiT Tun National Mauazuk, lor
December has already reached us.
We have so frequently spoken of tho
intrinsic merits of this monthly, that
all we need to say now is to urgu sub
scribers to renew nt once, and to sny
to th(K)0 who have never, subscribed
that it is one f the cheapest and best
Magazine In the United States.
AXOTIICH Wilt Dkclakei) Aoainut
Tcnitr. Next .Thurkday is to be
Thanksgiving day. We hope Hrothcr
Eddy will have ns good a dinner as he
bad last year.
Htm . Httntion.
The I.idlaxa JlxrcBUCA., U.tobe
the name of Thupmsn's paper in fu
ture. A good head.
Dr. J. II. Quick, the dw Auditor,
is expected Uunove to town this wetk,
ond live in the house formerly occupi
ed by Kev. T. M. Eddy.
Iluxoh. The Short . Line Demo
crats have two out of nine Congress
men. Richardson ffl. L.) Is elected
by about 20 votes.
. Hoo4 vs. Siixtr. Thn number of
nog io. lie United States is said to ex
ceed that of sheep by nearly ten mil
lions. Massachusetts. Sam hat done
mischief in Massachusetts. The whole
delegation to Congress are K. N't.
State officers and county oQctrs nearly
all of the same stiipe.
3T A certain Doctor, whose name
we omit for the present, has left (with
out paying for his paper. He may
intend to pay. We must serve all
delinquents alike adfcrtif them, that
they may not impose on others.
Tiiankk. Wo aro indebted to the
Hon. Jesse D. Bright, for the Message
And accompanying Documents for
1853-4. Also to thn Hon. Snruuel
W. Parker, for various raluable doc
ument. tO" The painting of the new Court
House is nearly done. The workmen
descne credit for their taut and
promptness. SV fear the plastering
will not b done in time for tl Febru
ary eoutt.
XiTWe send this copy ot our pa-
pur to one who huslt ft without paying
for last vr. We shall continue to
e
send to him till he has time to pay up,
then if he don't wc will advertise him
as a delinquent.
ir'The Auditor ol Hamilton coun
ty, Ohio, rrfunes to draw his warrant
for tho caih, on an order from two of
tho commisbincrs for $1400, for buggy
hire Ac, of the county officials. Tho
officials are hufl'y.
Skluno orr at Cost. Tho friends
of David Price will regret to learn
that he intends to move westward in
the Spring, if ho can close up his bus
iness. To enable him to do so, he is
selling out his toro at prime cot.
Great bargains can be had there now.
Seymour, at the interjection of
the Ohio and Mississippi Jlailrosd is
still growing very rapidly. Fifteen
months ago it was in tho woods, now
it has a population of nearly eight
hundred. Wonder if they intend to
mnko their living liko the.Erians?
Distrkssino Accinx.vT. While tho
workmen were raising the cupola of
new church last Thursday, at New
London, Ohio, something gave way,
and tho timbers fell killing two instant
ly, and wounding about twenty more,
one of whom died next day, and oth
ers were not expected to live.
Dkskryid Pumpument. Daaicl
Chandler of Concord, New Hamp
shire, has been sentenced to the State
Prison for life, on conviction of hav
ing altered n switch', which caused a
train of cars to bo thrown from the
track of tho Concord railroad.
ISTlt is sitid that'the Know Noth
ings havo had a public meeting in
New York city, and determined todis-
putetho validity of the election of Fer
nando Wood, ns Mayor; it having been
ascertained that several hundred votes
were cast, in tho Fivo Points District,
more than thsre were residents.
Is Otster Pizsn? Had we room
wo would discuss this question at
large. We suggest it for discussion at
the next meeting of the Cluytonian
Society. In tho mean timo we would
adviso all who take the negative to try
IS art Wallace's oysters. He gets them
regularly from Colter's, tho very best
that the city affords. It would be
well for the gentlemen and Indies too.
to try for themselves. Wallace is pre
pared to entertain ladies, as well as
gentlemen.
XiTlIenryJ. Gardner, the Know
Nothing candidate for Governor in
Massachusetts, wrote to the Suite Tem
perance Committee, defining his Posi
tionen the liquor qucstLn. Ho said
he had been a member of the Massa
chusetts Total Abstinence S.ciety,
fourteen years, and it elected Govern
or, a constitutional law prohibiting tho
liquor trade would meet his cordial as
sent. A Fasiuoxaduc Cuvrcu. Au old
gentleman from tho "rural districts,"
haring been invited last Sunday, by
ono of our citixens, to attend divino
service, with him, at a fashionable
church, tho beam, rafters, etc., of
which, agreeably to the modern custom
as left exposed, was asked, "Well,
Mr. how do you liko the looks of
our new church?"
"Well," was the reply, "arttr ye
get it 'lathed' and plfttercd,' it won't
be a very unsightly lookin'consarn.
Boston Museum.
Sweet Potato Puddii-. l3oil one
pound of sweet potatoes very tender,
and press them while hot, through a
grater, the finer the better. To this,
add half a dozen eggs well beaten,
threcquarun of a'pound oftfino sugar,
three do. of butter, some grated nut
meg and lemon rind and a glass of old
brandy. Tut pasto in th dish, nnd,
when the pudding is done, sprinkle the
top with white sugar, finely pulverized.
This is a dish (it to grace the table of an
epicure.
SZBYIXO AX ATTACHMINT.
I It i known that our sheriff keeps a
j goodly number of bailifis, among
whom ar some good looking oldish
young men, that might have been
married long ago if they had wanted
to.- The following anecdote is told,
in substance, of the way an attach
ment was served some place. We
don't say, positively, that it occurred
in this county, and we would not say
it Old not for less than a quarter. -
' A buxom young widow had been
aubpenaei to attend Court, but for
reasons, not neces-ary to rekto,. she
neglected, whereupon an attachment
was inued, and an unmarried man
dispatched to sorve it. Nothing loth,
but rather enjoying the service, he was
soon at the widows, waiting for her
to make her appearance in the parlor.
She soon entered, dressed in her San
days, and appenrd highly delighted to
see her guest. After the usual salu
tations, the deputy remarked :
"Madam, I have nn attachment for
you."
The widow made a desperate effort
to blush, dropped her head, twirled
her thumbs, and at length replied.
"Well Rir, I think I enn suy it is tv-
ciprocated."
The deputy, understanding her to
mean that Jshe acknowledged the ser
vice, ond would in duo time bo ready
to go, waited u few minutes; but
finding her not moving, concluded he
would hurry her along, by saying
"Madam, will you proceed to
Court? "
"Proceed to Court I " said tho la
dy, almost fainting. "Ln 1 no sir, this
is not leap ycir, you may, do the
courting yourself."
It was now the deputy' turn to
blush and be embarrassed. Ho soon
recovered enough however to stammer
out :
"Come madam, the Judge is wait
ing for us."
"Tho Judge, indeed," said tho Lady,
indignantly. 'Do you think I am
going to bo married by a Judgo ?
Never sir, I assure you. ' "
"But madam," said the Bailiff;
"they are waiting for us nt the Court
Houso."
"Worse and worce sir, you not on
ly spoke to the Judge to marry us,
without consulting me, but you have
chosen tho Court House as the place.
Never, sir I You wish to insult nie
do you ? Great attachment you havo
forme sir I Begone sir, and if ever
you come about thi houso again, pro
fessing to have an attachment for me,
I'll give you the broomstick sir."
Whether that Bailiff ever got that
witness "to Court," wc lmc the rend-
fticr t0 ,mag,n
IS TUX BANK BRUKt
On the night of Manchester's fail
ure, while yet a few persons lingered
at his banking-house door, it very de
cent looking Irish woman rushed up,
and with tears streaming from her eyes,
asked "if the bank wor bruk." On
being assured that such w&amp; tho mel
ancholy truth, in a voice full of an
guish she asked who was killed? Be
fore the astonished bystanders could
answer, she raved, rather than uttered;
"Me Larry and the two byes arc dead;
I know they are. Ohl wirra, wirra; I
always told them tho bank 'ud break,
an be tho death ov'cm, and they only
laughed atme. Ochoncl that'll be
come of a lone woman, widouC bus
bant or childer." It appeared that
her husband and two sons were em
ployed at a sand bank, nnd hearing
that a bank was "bruk," as she ex
piesscdit, she at once thought the
particular bankjwhero all the wife and
mother had to lovo wero at work, had
fallen upon, and buried them, a not
unfrcqucnt catastrophe.
When made to understand the differ
ence between a bank of deposit and a
bank of sand, she was in a hurry to
run back home to be sure all was right;
but so much was sho enfeebled by ag
itation, that a glass of water had to be
procured for her, and accompunied to
hcrhome, where she fell on her knees
to thank the Holy Virgin, when sho
found her family all comfortsbly8cat
cd. It appcaredjthcir "boss" had ta
ken them home to supper with him.
and their unaccustomcdjabsenco had
alarmed the Affectionate woman, who
had just then heard of tho bunk break
ing, nnd rushed off expecting to find
them buried beneath the fallen earth.
TABLES TTJENED.
Elections have been made held in
tho following States this fall:
Maine, Vermont,
New York, New Jersey,
Pennsylvania, Ohio,
Indiana, Illinois,
Michigan, Wisconsin,
Iowa,
Last yea) these States Kent 02 Ad
ministration men. to U opposition;
this year they send 13 udinjnistralion
to 100 oppoMtion.
I'ak Fckds at Cincinnati. As Mr.
Price wants to sell only for par funds,
we quote the followiug luminous par
agraph from the Times, hoping it may
be understood.
"Dank notes bankable now, were
"and have been so since the 1st of Oc
"tober, unless tho banks have failed or
'been otherwise discredited."
This is as "clear as mud" and twice
as natural!
JtlT Ilobcrt W. Johnson, has been
elected unanimously to the United
Slates Senate, by the Arkansas Legis-ture.
6EBA8T0PCL
The port of Sabastopol consists of A
bay running in a south-easterly direc
tion, about four miles long, and s mile
wide at the entrance, diminishing to
foui hundred yards at the end, where
the "Tchenan Itetchkc." or Black
River, empties itself. The average
depth is about eight fathoms, the bot
tom being composed of mud in tho
centre, and gravel at the sides. On
tbouthern coast of this bay aro the
commercial,, military, and c&amp;reftning
harbours; the quarantine harbours be-"
ing' outside the entrance, all these
taking a southerly direction, andhav-.
ing deep water. ' "
Tho military harbour is the Urges';
being about one mile and a half long
by four hundred yards wide, and is
completely land-locked on every side.
Here it is that the Black Sea fleet is
moored in th! winter; tho largest ships
being ablo to lie with all their stores
on board close to the quays. The
small harbour, which contains the na
val arsenal nnd docks, is on the east
ern side of the military harbour, near
the entrance.
The port is defended to the south
by six principal batteries and fortres
ses, inch mounting from fifty to one
hundred and ninety guns; and the
north by four, having from eighteen
to one hundred nnd twenty pieces each;
and besides these there are many
smaller batteries.
Tho fortresses are built on tho ensf
ma'.e piinciple, three of them hating
three tiers of guns, and A fourth two
tiers. Fort St. Nicholas is the largest
And mounts about one hundred and
ninety guns; on carefully counting
thuru, wu made one hundred and eigh
ty-six. By great interest we obtained
permission to enter this fortress. It
is built of white limestone; n fine sand
stone, which becomes hard, and is very
durable; the same material being used
for all tho other forts, Between every
two casemates are furnaces for heat
ing shot red hot; we measured the cal
ibre of the guns, and found it to be
eight inches, capable of throwing shells
or sixty-eight pound shot.
Whether all tho guns in the fortress
were of the same size, it is impossible
to say; but my belief isthat most of
the fortificatious of Sebastopol are
heavily armed. We entered Fort St.
Nicholas through tho clegantly-fur-nished
apartments of the military
commandant, lituatcd nt it south
western end.
At tho period of our vUit there were
certainly not more than eight hun
dred and fifty pieces of artilicry do
fending the port toward the sea, and
of theso about three hundred and fifty
could be concentrated on a ship en
tering the bay. Other battciics, how
ever, are said to have been siuco built.
Wo took ome trouble to ascertain these
facts by counting tho guns of the va
rious fort, not always an easy matter
where any suspicion of our object
might have subjected us to grave in
conveniences. Sebastopol is admira
bly adapted by naturo for a strong po
sition towards the sea, and it will bo
seen from what we have 6tated above
that this has been fully taken advan
tage of to render it one of the most
formidable fortified places in that di
rection which could be imagined.
. . . . i i -
A New kind or Brick. Wo were
shown yesterday an entirely new ma
terial for the construction of buildings.
It is a preparation of sand and lime
put into moulds, and operated upon
with a most powerful press. The
specimens we saw had about three
times the superficial area of a com
mon brick, though, of course, their
size would depend upon the pleasure
of the maker. They aro made with
an open space in the centre, occupying
ono-nalf the length and about one
third the breadth of the brick. Those
we saw were a handsome gray colour,
as smooth as dressed atone could be,
and apparently as solid as granite.
Their real solidity was about equal to
a good burnt brick, though they had
been made but about three weeks, and
timo and exposuro are expected to har
den them continually. They can bo
furnished as cheaply as brick, and un
less some difficulty is developed with
regard to them not now apparent, it
seems to us they must come into ac
tive demand for building purposes.
They would certainly appear as beau
tiful as the finest stone, and making,
as thev do, a hollow wall, with a
smooth interior surface, they can be
papered against, or painted or white
washed, without the necessity of lath
ing or plastering. Kenosha Tel., Set,
21.
iT A Mormon settlement is being
made in Kansas. About two thousand
families go out in chargo'of Elder Er-
astui Snow, ono of the Twelve, to a
point about 100 miles west of the town
Kansas. Mr. 8now has just returned
from n year's agency in Sweden, Den
mark, &amp;c, and companies of converts
from thoso countries will arrive shortly,
thu well-to-do portion of whom will be
sent forward to Salt Lake, tobe flcec
cd? nnd the poor remain at the rc
cruiting and rusting station in Kansas.
LirE-pRKSKRVKRs. A sea-captain,
writing to the Richmond Dispatch
about the dangers of shipwreck, sajs:
"A feather pillow has a buoyant pow
er fully equal to half a dozen of the
best life-preservers ever invented, and
h common mattress will make a raft
amply sufficient to float a man and
trunk." Important, if true.
Little Jokers A Poskk. A mem
ber, in alluding to the bill for the ben
efit of married woman, before the Mis
souri legislature, nuked if it would
not bo better fer the members to do
something for the benefit of single la
dies, and not trouble themselves with
other men's wives.
Great Victory!!!
The Government Triumphant
TEX IXIOS AND SOHSASBXEST CP GBAY
TOWN SCL1KID.
The Aathorltjr of lb Uftverntnrut
f ally Xtomonstrattd.
NO LIV3 LOST.
Webrinout our "Daby Waker"
this week, not to celebrte the downfall
of the strongholds of Sevastopol, tho'
theso were giving way before the guns
of the Allied Powers, at the latest
date, and doubtless, ere tbis,' are a
mass of ruins. Kot to rejoice in the
humbling of Louis Napoleon, by a
bombardment of Paris, for he has had
the good sense to learn a lesion from
the fate of Oraytown, and back out
from !iis foolish position. It will be
seen by reference to au article in an
other part of this paper, that he invites
Uon(?) Mr. Soul to pasi through his
dominions. We nre glad of this, ns it
will save a wot'ld of gas und diploma
cy. Moreover, we doubt whether it
would be as citsy to bombard Paris,
and vindicate Mr. Soule'a honor, ns it
wus to bombard Graylown in behalf of
insulted Mr. Borland. It might bo
a game at Lion two would play, and,
on the whole.be a troublesome affair.
flul it is not on this account that we
bring out our gun. Neither is it on
account of the results of the late elec
tions. That we arc pleased with theso
may easily be imagined. We are par
ticularly ploastd with tho election of
Clark, the t temperance candidate, for
Governor, though it be but by majori
ty of 2G0, as the latest date show.
Considering th fact that thousands of
dollars wero spent by the liquor seilen
of New York, and by other govern
ment officials, to secure the election
of Seymour, the man who vetoed the
temperance bill last winter, and who
endorsed the Nebraska Swindle, wo
might afford to bring out both our gun
and chicken but for the overshadow
ing, but bloodies victory, recently a
chievedby our government, in tho re
moval of the Know Nothing Post
Master at Millvillej Ohio, nnd the ap
pointment of an Irishman in his steadt
Compared with this, the victory at
Uraytown is nothihg. Let Know No
thing Post Matters lookout! As Em
peror Napoleon, and the rest of the
world learned a lesson j from tho fate
of Grnytown, so should Know Nothing
Post Masters profit by the fate of Mr.
Hill.
THE 80ULI QTJI5TI0X SETTLED.
Wo publish below, articles from the
New York Times and Herald, from
which it appears that the "Soulc Dif
ficulty" has been a brief one, Louis
Napoleon backing out, denying that
any insult to the United States was in
tended, and withdrawing tho order
excluding Mr. Soule from France. It
is said this course was dictated by
England, and as appears that tho or
der excluding Soule was given not on
grounds personal to him alone, but on
account of the treatment of Dillon,
the French Consul nt San Francisco,
and tho conduct of the French refu
gees in New York when tho French
vesscls-of-wsr wero in that port. An
article in tho Constitutionnel, which ix
supposed to have been written by Louis
Napolo m himself, cites theso facts to
justify his refusal to permit Soule to
pass through France. The Emperor
has reconsidered the matter, however,
and now invites Mr. Soule to pass
through Franco on his way to Madrid.
From tits Ss tr York Timet.
Tux So l'lk QrxsTiox SkttlkdI We
have a private letter from a well in
formed source in London, written at
tho last moment before tho closing of
the mail, saying that "Me French Gov
ernment has withdrawn all objections to
Mr. Soule' passing throvpk IVance-"
It is also stated that the Knglish Gov
ernment feel a good deal of uneasiness
about tho matter, on various grounds.
It dreaded tho reaction which the
French Emperor's treatment of Mr.
Boule would create towards the Wes
tern Powers, nnd was especially alarm
ed at his readiness to enter into new
quarrels while in alliance with Eng
land. If our correspondent's state
ment as to the ihsue of tho matter is
true, as we havo reason to believe it
is, the result has very probably been
brought about by tho intervention or
adviso of tho English Government.
From another private letter from
London, written'also on the cvo of the
steamer's departure, and based on
telegraphic dispatches from Paris, we
learn the following facts corroborating
tho above:
"Louis Napoleon had a personal in
terview with Mr. Mason, in which he
withdrew the restraints upon Mr.
Soule's passage tin "igh thu French
territory, disclnimii... all intention cf
insult to the Uniud States Govern
ment in the person of its Envoy. The
manner of tne Emperor was dry and
curt, and it is believed that this dis
claimer was a diplomatic move, under
stood to have been dictated by Eng
land, tho English Cabinet advising that
tho initiatory against Mr. Boule, per
sonally, should be taken, if nt all, by
their Government. The banauet pro
posed to be given to Mr. Sonic by the
itefugce Republicans in London, will
probably afford the Home Office sn rp
portunity for nction."
Curri(oniIeu- ( tu yurk jnjj,
Lo-vcox, Nov. 3. 1854.
Don Piatt, Secretary of the United
States Legation at Pans, has just come
over with dispatches for Mr. Buchanan
in relation to the discourtesy of the
French Government to the American
Minister to Spsiti. Louis Napoleon,
on.' last Sunday, Invited Mr. Mason to
o private interview at the Palace. In
thoroTirse.of the discussion Mr. Mason
took occasion, with great firmness, to
let his Mnjcsty understand to the full
me oisasirous consequences oF a war
with America, and that he had ro
doubt1 on his mind ax to the course
which the American Minister to Paris
should pursue in the premises. That
he should at once, v, ithout proper ex
planations were given by the t rench
court, assume tLo whole responsibility
of the consequences, and ask for his
passports. , , " ' ;
I he excitement of the Americans of
Europe in regard to tbis affair had run
so high as to effect the prices of French
stocks. As the general impression was
that Louis Napoleon woulanot recede,
the London operators sold a Urge
amount of French rentes. . ...
fTM . ' ,
i consequence in ram was the
fall of stocks nearly one per cent. As
such a tendency was particularly dan
gerous at this time, when the Empc
roris in wanioi money, una the news
from Savnstopol so . gloomy .that the
festivites at t'ompicgne nre n second
time postponed, he had no time for
hesitation or dignity. His notc toMr.
Mason, breathing h still mote depre
catory tone than the Constitutional,
was therefor communicated in sab
stance to the PamLountcbomu hours
before it was delivered formally to the
Legation, inordrr to stop the alarming
decline of funds. The nutevnthdratcs
allof'jedvms to Mr. Soule's fret passage
through France. Louit Xapolcon more-
ovtr invilis Mr. &amp;jU to proceed iArovgh
the Empire on hit tray to Madrid.
It is certain that ILo whole influence
of thu Ikiliidi Ministry '.has been ex
erted, through Lord,, Clarendon, to
produce thu rvsult that' ha been at
tained. . .
TiiicNkw Yuuk TaiocxK, comes to
hand yet, notwithstanding the attack
made upon it by the Know Nothings.
And, from ho following statement of
the work done in the office wo have no
doubt it has a hi'gcr circulation than
tho American. '
THIRTY HOURS IX TITE TRIBUTES PUKS
ROOK.
Tottis ICJilur vf Iii M. V. TiUiuno:
Sin: Allow mo to give your readers
a statement of what is dotio in the
prcfs-room of your establishment on
Thursday und part of Friday, the 26th
and 27tn in!. We commenced at 4
o'clock A. M., u Thursday, and in
thirty hours wo had printed nnd mail
cd one hundred and cihty-tvo thous
four hundred copies of the New York
Tribune, or three hundred nnd sixty
four thousand tight hundred impres
sions. By far the larger, portion of
tho blank paper was received during
Thursday forenoon, and of course had
t be wet and turned. Had this pa
per been all iu ono pilo it would have
cached the bight of tcventy feet; its
weight, when mailed, would bo about
twenty-two thousand eight hundred
pounds; in cubical measurement about
seveu hundred and fivo (ectand a half;
its superficial measurement oil spread
out, would bo about forty-two and a
quarter acres; the lineal measurement
would reach about one hundred and
twenty-six and two-thirds miles.
Yours respectfully,
J.W. ItlCilAnDS.
Forcmanof the Press Koora.
Tribune Office, Nov. 1. ' iL'
The Semi-Weekly Tribune is pub
lished every TucsJay and Friday.
Price $3 per annum. Two copies for
85. Fivo copies fltl 1 25. The Week
ly Tribune id published ouce a week.
Price $2 per annum. Three copies for
85. Five copies for G. Ten copies
for 8 1 2. Tho New York Daily Trib
une is published every morning, Sun
day excepted. Price $6 per annum.
The debssemcnt of our silver coin,
anthorlzcd by Congress has, the Balti
more, American fays, in a great meas
ure checked tho enormous drain which
seriously threatened to withdraw from
this country the last ounce of that pre
cious metal.
r-i'
On the 16th inst., by Kev Jason
Curson, Mr. Elijah Vanness, of Ohio,
to Miss Elim Davis of Mixerville.
ITtlu blifrtistmtnts.
nA m tri n o tri
'A
BEISO DF.Sinol'H OFCI.OSlNO OUKBUSI
neat In UrookTllI, wo ! trtTmlnot iodic
j ofonr ntlr m kl I'KIMK l osr, for
turh rund si sro t j nr In fliirlnnstl. Ths si
ortmotit 1 Uric and well rUrU'd; omkUnf of
II ucU krlk'lp kra unllj hcpl Ink rll ur
!lld itorr. V hv a (-.l kuonmaitl of l'l
lliln, iulKJ to ths ron. Alio, a rs ufply
f lioou mi'l Shoei of ever dicr!t'Uon, sud ot'
llk'i and 'na.
Mo VI I). PRICE t KOW.
IVrtuui hkt ln corllfl.iU chwki on tbU liAaa
Ckn flii't kfnorljl opportunity of rarlnf thir
cllmb niorii?k n r ol Ul F.um, hj ckll
luf on Jotm Wvtiii, J. D. Iloxlimt.or Geo. llol-
iand, kt Brook villr, liHftkitk.
Call Immodiktolv. no Hilf
iTkWÖVXÜl A.NÄ71- K A Ktt.N COl'NTY
Tlioutki J. vt uue,
t.
FranrW A, KUu,
Jmi Kbnup, Jr.
Mary Kboun,
Jana Mioup, Sr.
Kainurl Nkou,
Jamra Shotip,
JnJia 11 Hiou,
llarbkra Mioup
and
Onoar Mio id.
la lh Cour atCotu
mon IMcua. of Krauk
( IIa County, Indiana,
f January lrm,lfS,
IVllllon far Conrey-
tire.
,PEnRI"MI!lIIEItT'D.tltn Uio ttui day or
Jt) on ni.wr. A. Ii. ir.4: t omn Iho agij j.laln
t.!Tty Wllaou Morrow, hl Attorney, and Clca hla
IVllllon heroin. In vacation of aalil t'onrt. knJ lk
(.pcarlnc by nlll'UvIt Mod, that Kranrla A.Khnttp,
on of kaUl ItiliHiitanta, I Ml roaldcnl of IU
Plateof Iti'llana; tho a.ill iK triiUaM I UiMcfor
hcrt-by nolillod of Iii poiidenry or aald pMiUon,
and lliat unlaa ha kppxan on tu kwconJ day of
tli nU Term of aul-i Court, to he begun Sud hol
di'iisl lh Court ll.no,lu lirookt I He, lath coun
ty and talti kfon-aalil, on the Cmt Monday of Jan
ary nxl, and pload,anawr or damur tu tu a in
beakld HUUon will b hoard tn hla.alxicoo.
dov?I JOI1M M. J0113ST03. Clort.