Montpelier Union School.
Tho partial examination at the close of the
Spring Turin r Washington County Grammar
and Montpelier Union School showed a very
satisfactory result. Tho greater inducement to
close application as offered in a graded school
has a favorable effect, and we doubt if the same
progress lias been made in double the time in
eclioota in town heretofore, as during the term
of these schools. In Mrs. Marsh's room espe
cially, where rumor had it that all not passing
examination were to take seals in a room below,
has the improvement been particularly apparent.
We are happy to know irom former as well as
present acquaintance with the system that it will
be moi t successful and satisfactory. The next,
or Summer, Term commences on Thursday of
next week. While referring to the school, we
may add that, in publishing the report of the
Union School Committee last week, we, at the
suggestion of a " tax payer," made some com
ments on the salary paid to Mrs. Jones. We
have sinee learned that it was the same she was
receiving, and might have continued to receive
had she consented to remain in Massachusetts
The same also paid to Mr. McAllister in the
same room. Mrs. Jones' department is the
highest in the Union School, requiring a teacher
not only possessing a thorough knowledge of
books, but well skilled in discipline. We have
no personal knowledge of her qualifications, but
are informed that she has for many years stood
high in the profession and has given satisfaction
in the numerous places whore she has been em
ployed. We hope that our remarks will not
tend to detract from her usefulness or reputation
as a teacher, and we have that confidence in the
judgment of the present competent Committee
to believe that all matters in relation to the
school will be managed for the be.it interest of
the scholars and the town.
Notwithstanding the old granny's protest
against overhauling hor kitchen the matter of
investigations into the administration corrup
tions progresses finely,
George W. Baker of Philadelphia, editor of
The Pennsylvanian, was before Mr. Covode's
Committee this morning. He testified to hold
ing a clerkship with $1,200 salary in the
Custom-Ilouse, but was unable to say what lie
performed, how much during tho year, whether
he occupied an office in the building, why his
name was not entered in the daily register like
those of other clerks, or how it came to be
omitted from the Blue Book. He admitted
being connected with the President by marriage.
Mr. Purser of New York appeared to prove
that he offered to contract with the Treasury
Department, furnishing abundant security, for
public stores, at twelve per cent loss than they
were awarded to Mr. Mather and his partners,
of Willctt'e Point, Fort Snelling, and New
Bedford fame, by which an annual saving of
eorae $30,000 might have been made. The
Committee addressed a letter to Secretary Cobb
asking for the contract and all correspondence.
Incorrect. The statement in the Aurora
that Honorable Jlenry Keyes, of Newbury, has
been appointed superintendent of the Connecti
cut and Passumpsic Rivers Rail Road. The offi
ce has been abolished and the duties distributed
among the other officers. Nor is it decided to
run a second train on the road during the com
ing summer, as that sheet intimates. During
the season of the White Mountains travel another
train may run, but that we learn is not deter
mined. Rev. Austin Ilazert was ordained, and install
ed over the Congregational Church at Norwich,
last week Wednesday
Trot, N. Y., April 4. Parties in this city
have purchased the Albany and Vermont Rail
road for $307,000. It originally cost $2,600
000. A new Board of Directors, a majority
residing here, was chosen to day.
Mr. Shubel Ruse, for sometime post post-master
at Quechee village, has been removed and
Mr. J. K. Edgerton appointed in his place.
The Legislature of Wisconsin have refused,
by very decided vote, to repeal the law abolish
ing capital punishment in that State.
A six horse team belonging to Mr. Drew, of
Barton, while recently era win g some seventy
hundred pounds of freight over the road leading
from Coventry to Lake Bridge, were precipita
ted some fifteen feet down an embankment, in
juring tho horses quite severely, and doing other
damage to ttie property.
Horrible Murders. Ihreo men are sup
posed to have been murdered on board sloop A.
E. Johnson, of Long Island, in New York har
bor, last week in the night time. I lie vessel'
deck and cabin gave bloody evidence of a des
perate hght, but it is Biipposea ttmt none ot
the three persons supposed to be on board, Capt.
Burr and two boys, live to tell the tale. The
Captain was known to have three or four hun
dred dollars in specie on board, and it is sus
nected that a person who had formerly com'
posed one of the crew of the sloop, and who
was knowing to this fact, was engaged in the
murder. This person has been traced to Prov
idence, and was thero arrested on Friday. lie
gave his name afl Alfred W. Hicks, but has va
rious aliases.
The people of Bellows Falls came very near
having another fire on Wednesday afternoon,
the 11th. The roof of Mooro's bookstore
caught fire, but was discovered before it had
made much headway. It is supposed that the
late destructive fire in that villiigo took from a
defective flue.
Mr. Wo. F. Mack, of St. Johnsbury, receiv
ed a severe cut in the back of his head while
splitting wood, recently. When tho ax was
raised it caught in a clothes-line, turning its
course and bringing it down upon bis head.
LATER FROM EUROPE.
New York, April 0. Tho steamship Kanga
roo, from Liverpool, arrived this morning.
The annexation of Savoy to France has been
definitely Buttled by Franco and Sardinia, and
tho treaty signed.
The London Times strongly recommends that
the Princo make the tour of the United States,
and feels suro a visit to the President will be
appreciated.
Tho commercial treaty between England and
Franco is in full operation.
The Pope had addressed an admonitory to
Victor Emanuel, breaking oil' all relations, and
excommunicating him.
LATER. '
The Royal Mail steamship Niagara, from Liv
erpool, arrived at Halifax, April 7.
THE ANNEXATION OF SAVOY.
Thn Paris Palria says the Sardinian troops
had commenced the evacuation of Savoy, and
the first detachment of tho French troops, re
turning from Lombardy, would arrive in Savoy
on the 25th of March.
The London Times, in an editorial, admits
that the annexation must be quietly allowed,
but at the same time denounces the act as one
of spoliation and wrong, and in principle as
bad as a march upon the Rhine, or a sudden
attempt upon Antwerp, and must leave upon
all minds tho conviction that there is no salsty
except in continued watchfulness and armed
preparation against the aggressions of a sover
eign who thus seized upon tho possessions of a
friendly power.
The London Times has an editorial on Se
ward's late speech, and the slavery question in
geneial in America. It treats the speech as
the programme of the Republican, party, and
sees in it evidences of tbs dawning of a more
friendly feeling between tho Northern and
Southern States. It thinks that, under tho or
ganization of the Republicans, and with the
moderate prograiumo sketched by Seward, the
North may bo ablo, without plotting or bluster
to roll back the tide pf slavcholding aggression.
ITALY.
The King signed the decree annexing Tusca
ny to Sardinia. . . 1 '
It is ordered that on the promulgation of tho
decree annexing Tuscany to Piedmont, the
trench legation at ilorence be dissolved ana re
tiro to Leghorn.
Liverpool Breadstcffs Market, March 24.
Breadstuff's have an advancing tendenoy, ex
cept Corn, which is dull. Messrs. Wa efield,
Nash &amp; Co. report: Flour firm and holders de
mand an advance of 6d per bbl ; Ohio 27s to
28s ; Philadelphia and Baltimore 25s to 26s 6d.
Wheat firm and quiet, with an advance of Id
since Tuesday market ; red 10s 2d to 10s 8d ;
white 10s 6d to 12s 6d. Corn dull, yellow 33s;
white 37s.
Liverpool Provision Market, March 24.
The Provision market is generally quiet. Messrs
Bigland, Athya &amp; Co., and Wakefield, Nash &amp;
Co. report : Beef quiet ; prime mess 75s to 85s.
Povk There is an improved demand at easier
rates ; old 52s 6d , new 75s to 77s 6d. Bacon
is in good demand with a slight decline on all
qualities. Lard heavy at 57s to 60. Tallow
nominal at 68s ipt butcher's.
From Mexico.
Pensmjola, Fla., April 8. The following ad
vices from Mexico have been received by the ar
rival ol the sloop-of-war Savannah :
Miramon commeneea to withdraw nis iorces
from before Vera Cruz m the morning of the
21st of March. Tho Juarez forces were so near
out of powder that it was beleived that, had
Miramon remained much longer, he would have
succeeded in capturing the city.
On the evening of tho 23d the steamer India
nola brought to an anchorage off the city a
barque, which it had captured southward, in tho
teigliborhood of Alvarado. The baique bore
tho Spanish colors, and professed to be bound to
Galveston, Texas. Tne captain gave a an ex
cuse for being found so near the Mexican coast,
that his compass was disordered.
There was a strong suspicion thatsho was tho
third vessel mentioned in the intercepted dis
patches of Miramon.
The steamer Indianola bad been purchased by
Juaree, and placed in the service of the govern
ment.
From Pike's Peak. The central overland
mail and Pike's Peak express arrived at Atchi
son, April 5th, bringing dates from Salt Lake
City to the 17th of March, and $16,000 in gold
dust.
G. W. Tracy, from Salt Lake City, reports
business dull and matters quiet at the city.
Much excitement existed at Denver, in conse
quence of the discovery of the secret lead in
the Gregory mining district. In the lead nug
gets, -pieces of quartz rock, encased in scales of
gold were found, a thing heretofore unknown
in the history of load mining. The average
yield in the Gunnel lead is $600 to the cord ot
dirt and rock. Miners were making from $2
to $5 per day. Emigrants had commenced ar
riving. Kansas. The Democracy have trumped np
a supposed reason for not letting Kansas b,e ad
mitted this session, as follows:
" That the Constitution of Kansas was not
presented to Congress in accordance with law,
(meaning the English bill,) but in derogation
thereof; that it does not appear that thero is
within her limits a sufficient population as re
quired by law; and further, the proposed area
embraces the Cherokee Indian Territory, which
Congress, in 1854, formally decided should con
stitute no part of the Territory of Kansas, but
be excluded from its boundaries."
The true reason is, they aro afraid of Kansas.
Afraid ot meeting the issue which is surely
coming.
Blrolart. On the night of March 29th,
Harry AV. Munn, of Corinth, Vermont, had his
pants stolen out of his bedroom while asleep,
and his portmonie taken therefrom, containing
twenty-three dollars in gold, and some other
property of but little valuo to any person but
f.hn nurnnr Thn nwrt niorninff Hin n.intiinn.
taining the money was found so'me two rods
from the house. Another pair of pants that
laid near the window was drawn part way out
of the window and left. No traces of the thief
have been found.
Queue. Was the money found with the
pants, or only tho pants that had contained the
money.
The Chemistry of Medicine. Among . the
special delights which havo so richly repaid our
visit to New England, was the inspection, it
was our privilego to make of Dr. Jt. C Ayer &amp;
Co.s Laboratory at Lowell. Although wo knew
by hear-say. that it was largo, yet werawc sur
prised when we came into view of its real mag
nitude, and still more by the extent and com
plication of its truly immense business. The
whole massive structure is in fact one vast chem
ical laboratory, in which the processes of this
wonderlul art aro constantly going on. Medico-chemical
science has found that the curative
properties of any substance exist in some one or
more of its component parts. Thus the reme
dial effects of opium are due solely to tho mor
phia it contains, although this is but one eigh
teenth part of its weight; the other seventeen
parts are gum, extractive and inert or offensive
matter. Dr. Ayer's system separates the medi
cal properties of each substance employed and
wo aro here shown tho processes by which tho
virtues of each remedial agent are chased
through the alembics until they come out com
pletely pure at last. These concentrated, puri
fied medical propertios, ot virtues are finally
combined together to produce the remedies
which have made themselves a reputation of
unrivalled excellence, all over the world. Not
only does the Doctor disclaim all secrecy in his
his art anil explain every process and every par
ticular, but he maintains that this tho only pro
cess by which the peoplo can bo supplied with
tho best possible remedies for tho treatment of
disease. The Formula by which his remedies
are made are published in tho medical Journals
and have been presented to a largo part of the
medical Faculty of the United States, and are
constantly sent by mail to such physicians as
apply for them. Daily Chronicle, San Francis
co. Important to Horse Owners. Sweet's In
fallible Liniment is the best external applica
tion for horses ever discovered, and, in all cases
of Lameness, will afford immediate relief. Spa
vin and Ringbone, those formidablo diseases to
which horses are so liable, can be easily cured
by it in their incipient stages, and the most
confirmed and desperate cases may be greatly
relieved. For spriiins it is invaluable, and nev
er fails to perform an immediate cure. Hart
ford Press.
le Markets.
MOXTPBIilKR MARKET, April 10.
Provisions. Butter, 10 to 15. Cheese, 7 to 9; Lard,
12. Tallow, 0 to 8. Dried Apple, 8 to 10; Eggs, 12
Potatoes, 25 toO J Beans, $0,75at,O0. MapleSugar, etc!
Onions 000. Apples good, $3,00 to 3,60 per bbl.
Floua Western, $8,00) Extra, $6,25-, Double Extra,$6,60
Berlin Mills.Extra Family, $7,00: Double Extra, $7,50
Graw and Hat Corn, 1,00. Oate 35 to 40. Herdsgrass
Seed, $2,00to 3,00 per bushel. Clover. 10 to 12 per pound,
liar, $10, to $13, per tori. Rye, 1,00.
Cattle. Oxen 3J a 6 pr lb Live weight Cows, 35 a$50
Veal Calves, 2 to 3.
Sheep, 3 to5J er lb.,lire weight. Lambs, 2 a 4,
Round Hogs, 6 to 8c
Poultrv. Turkeys, 8 to 12. Chickens,10to 12. Oeese 9
Mi iCBLLASBous Dry and green hard wood, 2,50 to 2,75
Shin '!es, $1,00 to 1,50. Wool -common 00 to 00. Merino
Oti I). B irk, 3,75 per cord . Nails 31.
BOSTON MARKET, April 9.
' Plonr. Western, 5,75 to 8,50.
Pork. Prime, 13,00 to 14,00-, Mesa, 18 a 19.00
Beef, 9.00 to 12,50 Lard, 10 to 11 Hams, 10 to Hi
Butter, 19 to 22; Cheese, 8 ro 11. Eggs 17. Potatoes
00,35 to 50. Dried Apple 8 to 11.
Wool. Saxony fleece, 55 to 58; American Full Blood (2 to
54 ; Half blood 43to 46; Common 40 to 42-
Corn. 88.. Oats, 48. Rya 90. Herds Grass Seed 2,0
Clover, 12 a 14 per lb . Hops 14 a 16.
CAMBRIDGE MARKET, April 3.
At Market 550 Cattle, about 45" Beeves and 75 stores
eonaieing of Working Oxeu, Cows aodoue.twoandthree
years old.
Prices Market Beef Extra $7,50 a 7,76; first quality
$6,76; 2d, $5.76, 3d $4,00.
Working Oxen 75 a 150
Cows and Calvos $34. 40, to 60
Calves $250 to 7,00.
Yearlings- none
Two years old $16 to 21
Three years old $22 to 2T .
Sheep and Lambs 2700 at market. Prices In lota, $1 25
a 1,50. Extra, $200 to 2 60
Hides,8to7. Pelts, $0,87 $1,00. Calf Skins, 10 to 12
Tallow, 7 to 7 Jo.
BRIGHTON MARKET. April 4.
At Market 1175 beef cattle, 130 stores, 2650 iheep an
Lambs, 1960 swine.
Prices Bee i Cattle Extra $8,00; first quality, $7,6
2.1 quality, $6,76 1 Sd $4,60.
Working Oxen 96 to 160
Milch Cows $37 to40 . common do., $19 a 20.
, Calves $3 00 to 6,00.
yearlings none
Two years old $10 to 21.
Three years old $24 to 26.
Sheep and Lamps $2,00. to 2.50 ; extra $800 to 6,00.
8wtne In lots 6J i retail, 7o.
IIIde-6per In Tallow "Jc. Calf Skins U.
Third District Republican Convention.
The Republicans of the Third Congressional District are
invited to meet in Mass Convention at Hyde Park on
Tuesday Ihe 24th dav of Anril next, at 10 nMoi, ..' ...
forenoon, to elect Delegates to the Republican National
Convention, to be held at Chlcago.on the loth day of May
R. O. Benton,
G. G. Benedict,
E. B. Whitino,
M. CarpuktcR,
District Com.
IV. DURBANK
March, 22, 1860.
TO THE LADIES.
MOTT'S MAOIO HAIIl IHVIG ORATOR
HIGHLY PERFUMED.
SOLD EVERYWHERE.
Mr. A. J. Grekn My Dear Sir : It affords me nle9.
ure to inform you that the Prof. Mott's Magic Hair In
vlgorator obtained from you three mouths slnoe. has
been used by my daughter with complete Success, it ston
ed her hair coming out in a very short time, nroducinir
a healthy condition of the scalp. Prouuc'"8
We are now using the invigorator as a toilet articlo
and can truly say its qualities in this re.peot are nnsur
passed; Its delicate yet delicious perfume is a feature
iu Its compound, and I hazard nothing in savini It
stand unsurpassed In the whole Catalogue or hair reme
dies. Vours with esteem,
L. R. HERUICK, M. D.
72 State Street, Albany, N. Y.
HiouLY Important to Mothers Mrs. WiNsMwanex7
perienoed nurse and Female physioian, has a Sooihini
Sprup for children teething, whloh greatly facilitates the
process of teething, by softening the gums, reducing all
inflamation will allay all pain, and is sure to regulate
the bowels. Depend upon it, mothers, It will give restto
yourselves and relief and health to your Infants. Per
fectly safe in all cases. Sae advertisement In another eol-
m9i.
"It hits aiand Ike bent of all tem
Fit A'lrtrtilevi'M
Maxxich.
In this village, April 4th, by Rev. W. D. Maloolm, Mr.
Wm. V. Herrick, of Middlesex, and Miss H. A. Soribner,
of Montpelier.
At Burnham's Hotel, Montpelier, March 31st, by Rev.
Eli Ballou, Mr. L. D. Foster, of Northfield, and Miss Ann
M. Plngree, of Berlin.
In btowe, Maroh 11th. by Rev. W. R. Puffer, Mr. A. L.
Mower, and Miss Olive C. Handy, both of Stowe.
In Derby, March 30th, by. Rev. J Fraser, Mr. Austin
S. Foss, and Miss Mary J. Miranville.
In Derby, April 2d, by the same, Mr. Nathan S. Ben
ham, and Miss Sophia Hates.
At Bellows Falls, March 4lh, by Rev. William H. Wight ,
Mr. Charles Walker, of Chester, and Miss Olive C. New
ton, of Mellows Falls.
In Plainfleld, March 28lh,by Rev. Mr. Copeland, Mr.
Stephen Spencer of Marshfield, and Miss Uthesia Gale of
Plainfleld.
In Hancock, March 27th, by Rev. Geo. B. Gurnsey, Mr.
Lucius L. Clark of Gratoville aud Miss Flora O. Parks of
Woleott.
In Berlin, March 5th, Mr. Abigail Belknap, aged 65.
In Berkshire, Ct., 27th, Widow Clarlsa Davis, aged 61.
In Duxbury, March 23d, Jane A., wife of Lowell G. l.y
man, and d tughter of Eraera Taylor, ageil 29 years.
In Coventry, April 3d, Horace Everett, son of H. S.
Jones.
In Irasbnrgh, on the 2d Inst., Mrs. Jane Brooke, aged
about 32 years.
In Chelsea, April 1, Mrs. Sarah Hazen, aged 94 yeari.
Also, April 3d, Mr. Rufus Stowell, aged 52 years.
In Rochester, March 20th, Mr. Eugene R Martin, son of
Col, Thomas B, Martin, aged 19 years.
In Pittsfleld, March 25th, Mr. Isaiah Parmenter, 71
years.
In Rockingham, March 28lh, Miss Sally Clark aged 80
years.
Mrs. Dorothy BurSank, wifo'of Mr. Joseph Burbank,
of Walden, died March 16th, in her 70th year.
Ttxrw gija.M.
Harnesses, Trunks, Saddlery, &amp;c
LEASE &amp; BEDARO,
(Successor! to C. B. Johnson and Johnson tt Lease,)
HAVE refitted the old stand on Main Street, and have
on hand, and are constantly manufacturing and re
ceiving,
Harnesses, Saddles, Trim lis,
. VALlSEb, 6fc, 6fc,
of the beat style and materials. Anything in the line can
be had or manufactured at the shortest notice.
N. B. All work warranted. F224m3
John Lease. S. S. Bebard.
FOR SALE.
A neat, comfortable cottage House, nearly
new, with a garden lot attached ; Bituated
about a half mile from Montpelier Post Office.
It will be sold very cheap anil an easy pay
day given. For further particulars inquire or address
the editor of the Freeman.
Montpelier, April 6, 1860. M690R 224tp.
Administrator's Sale.
BY virtue of License granted iy the Honorable Probate
Court, the undersigned will sell at Publio Auction at
Dutton's Hotel, In Hyde Park.on Saturday April 28th, I860,
atone o'clock In the afternoon, all the real Estate.situated
in the town of Hyde Park and county of Lamoille, where
of ArunahW. Flanders, late of said Hyde Park, died seized
said land consisting of about 50 acres of the 3d Division
lntdrawm to the original right nf Benj Solman and one
equal undivided third part of the 3d Division lot drawn to
the original right of Eltsha Edgerton Terms Cash.
JOHN M. FLANDERS, '
Adm'r of Arunah W. Flander's Estate.
Hyde Park, April 2, 1860.
..... S "
Isaac IS. Harvey's- lEstatc.
STATE OF VERMONT, ) In Probate Court, holden
Washington District, ss. j at Montpelier, within and
for said District, on the 4th day of Apiil. A. D. 1860.
TOIiL I". HAltVEY, Administrator on the Estate of
t) Isaac II. Harvey, lute of Northfield, in said district,
deceased, makes application to said Court for an extension
of the time heretofore allowed lilm to pay tho debts
due from aid Estate and to render his administration
account until some future day :
Whereupon It is ordered by said Court that said applica
tion be heard at the Prol ate Office in Montpelier, on the
8lli day of May, A D. 1800 j and it is fuitlier onlered,
that notice be given to all person concerned by the publi
cation of this order in tlm Green Mountain Freem in, prin
ted tit Moutpeliei, three weeks euccesively, before sail
hearing. By the Con it
Attest, T. R. MERRILL, Register.
A true copy of Record,
224 Attest, T. R. MERRILL, Registe.,
Jeremiah Clone's Estate.
STATE OF VERMONT j In Probato Court, holden at
Iiihuillk District, ss. (Johnson, wiihiu and for
said District, on the Si li day of April, A. D. 1860
1 1 ARVEV STONE, Administrator on the Estate of Jere-
11 miah Stone, late of Elinoie, in said Districl,deceased,
present his Administration account for nettlcmenl :
Whereupon, it Ik olderi-d that the same be referred
to the 30lh day of April, ltjtio. at th Probate Office,
in said Johnson, for examination and allowance; and
that nil concerned be notified here, .f, by the publication
of this order in the Green Mountain Freeman, printed
at Montpelier, three weeks successively, as Boon as may
be, that they may appear, and at said time and place, if
they see cause, object thereto.
liy order o( Court,
f224w3 Attest, 3. 8. PIKE, Register.
Notice.
mHI3 certifies that I have given my son, Albert G. F.
1 Drew, his time during his minority, and shall claim
none of his wages nor pay any debts of his contracting
after this date. PETER DRUW.
Attest, David Bildino.
Waitsfield, April 6, I860. f2243w
Notice.
THE partnership heretofore existing under the name of
Ellis &amp; Hatch is this day by mutual consent dissolved,
J. W. Ellis is duly authorized to settle ti e affairs of said
firm. J. W. ELLIS;
GEO. H. HATCH.
Montpelier, March 30, 1SB0. 221w3
Copartnership Notice.
rHE undersigned have associated themselves logether,
under the style and Ann of
J. YV. ELLIS &amp; CO.,
for the purpose of transacting a geueral busbies in
Dry Goods, Carpetings,
CROCKERY, GLASSWARE
And knowing by long experience the Increasing require
ments of the trade, we are prepared to satisfy the fame
by being ready to show a large and oarefully assorted
stock, by selling at low prloes, by fair dealing, and by
close attention to our business, trusting by so doing to
merit the confidence and patronage of our customers.
We rem iln very respeotfully yours,
J W. ELLIS,
H. M. FOSTER.
Montpelier. April 2, 1860.
Trunk &amp;, Harness Making.
rpHOSE who would buy the best of wares, at the fairest
of prices, can be accommodated
BY ROGER 13ULKLEY,
Who, haying fitted himself for combining the greatest
beauty with the greatest strength in all his work, will fur
nish. to order, HARNESSES, TRUNK-) and all other
wares in that line, of the most elegant and durable kinds
and in the bestoity styles, at his shop, over
SCOTT AND BUOOKS STORE, STATE STREET,
Montpelier, where he confidently Invites a trial of all
wishing to purchase. 208wil6f
Police.
THIS Is to cortlfy that I have given ray son Stlllman
Allen Hatoh, his time during the remainder of his mi
nority, and shall not be responsible for his transaction)
nor pay ai,y debts of his contracting after this date.
I'ASOIIAL HATCH.
Attest Joshoa Lanc
Berlin, March 8th, 18ti0. f221w3
Dl'. Siveet'g InfaUihU I.inimcnl
and for sale by all Drugiu. Prkeio cents
ML
MAMMOTH
Irinthtg (IstaMiskratt,
FREEMAN BUILDING,
STATE STREET. MONTPELIER.
THE Freeman and Mebsenoeb Printing Estabiishkint
in the .Viv Freeman Building, State street, Montpe
lier, Is now filled with as extensive a variety of
Power Job &amp; Hand Presses.
and other
as any other Printing Establishment in the State, and pos
sesses the best of facilities for executing all kinds of
BOOK, JOB
OR
The " Vermont School Journal, monthly, with an edi
tion of two thousand j the " Vermont Christian uessen
ger." with a weekly circulation of nearly three thousand
copies ; and the " Green Mountain Freernan," with a cir
culation double that of any paper printed at any other
Establishment in tne statu, are prinfa at tnts otnoe.
These pipers circulate among the most Intelligent people
of the State, and off;r thi very b-stnudiam for adver
tising whioh the State offords.
In all Its Urauchij neatly an 1 promptly ctecated, and a
the cheapest rates.
GEO H &amp; L. DAVIS,
Painters, Glaziers &amp; Paper Hangers,
Rooms over E. T. Marsh' Store,
MAIN- STREET, MONTPELIER,
Paints, Oils and Glass ; Sash, Blinds and Doors of the
best qualities and lowest prices, always on hand.
Orders solicited for any kind of work in their line.
Painting in imitation of wood or marble neatly executed.
April 2, 1860 223yl
SIDY If IxJil- "iB&amp;SIf
IV. L.. BBIILMft$,
TEACHER OF MUSIC,
HARRIS, VT
KEEPS constantly on hand and for sale, those unrl
valed i
.Italians and Sernpliinc,
of every desirable style and finish the greatest musical
instruments of the age manufactured by Prescott Broth
ers, Concord, N. H., expressly for my trade. It is but to
reiterate the opinion of the beetitDpartialju.lges, when we
say that for beauty of tone, elegance of fihish and prompt
ness of touch, they far surpass any other instruments
manufactured. All instruments sold by me are fully
warranted. Orders addressed toN. L. PHILLIPS, Barre,
t.,will receive prompt attention. MelodeonsandSera
hinas tuned and repaired. 91 tf
aTw. wilder 7
nAVINO purchased M. P. WHEELER'S interest in
the
LUMBER BUSINESS,
will continue to furnish Frames and finishing Lumber,
Biitteniul, Bass, Ash, Maple &amp; Biivh
Planing and Jointing, done In workman-like manner.
Stair Rails, Newels, Banisters, Table Legs, 0-) fc0-i
Turning and Sawing done on short notice. Custom l og
sawing done well and on short notice. Terms low for
those who pay down. A. W. WILDER,
Montpelier, Deo. 20, 1859: f 209tf
THE OLD STAND!
Is still the
Eor the sale o
WATCHES &amp;, JEWELRY1
SILVER $ PLATED WAR K,
A. A. MEAD,'
(Late Phinney &amp; Mead,)
AT THE SIGN OF THE " BIG WATCH
No. 15 State Street,
HAS filled his Store with the largest ami finest assort
ment of
Watches, Clocks, Jewelryt
PLATED WARE, FANCY GOODS, ETC.
Ever offered In the State of Vermont, all of which will be
old at the lowest figures He continues to manufacture
FINS GOLD JEWELRY
to order, and
Which Is ' Warranted a Puri as Coin," to which the.
First Premium was awarded at the late State Fair..
Having procured the services of Expibixncxd Woaii
Mitt, and being a practical workman himself, he is orena
red to repair Chronometer, Duplex, Lever, Cylinder, Hor
izontal, or Verge WATCHES, CLOCKS cf any Escape,
nient, JEWELRY, or any thing pertaining to his line, In
the best and neatest manner, and waxeant all his werk
to give satisfaction.
ttJ-Engravmg done to order, and ia good style.
Montpelier, Sept 22, 1857. el
jjras N. W. GILBERT :
iQttim SU IS fi EO IV i ENTIST
JVO. 13 PMYE'S BLOCK, , '
lyl NORTHFIELD, VT.
O. II. JOYCE. .
Attorney and Counsellor at Law,
And Solicitor in Chancery,
NOKTH FIELD, VT.
Kerosene Oil &amp; Burnin?: Fluid.
OftheBcstquallityat T. CROSS'
Montnelier. Jan 24. 1800. 2Hw4
Dr. Stephen Sweet, of Cannefticv(
I he g'eit natu,ral Hone Setter,