Vf.-V,-
.'I*
r-v
ft*- I
"vl- 'I
tf?F'
»i&amp;Min
w-'Tiii iiii'i'-Ti
„fa(U^
VOL. 3
Kotlcos of Marrlipi, Deatns, and ReNgloos Meelhifs
wlH hp puMiahed free of charge.
rate* of irrivprtising.
motion to freedom, and saving that they would
rejoice at emancipation in the South, if done
jn the proper way. They sometimes even rrow
indignant, and hnrl the direst anathemas upou
Republicans for agitating the quesMon of
slavery, because as they tell us, agitation only
retards Emancipation. On«s would be sure from
bearing a sham Democrat talk, that he was
altogether and earnestly in favor of a regular
and ligitimate emancipation of slaves in the
8outh, and tiut if he were in a slave State he
would favor such a movement. At *ny rate
they have always made many and boastful pre
laftsions of their wonderful devotion to free
dom.
Well, the City of St I oais has lately passed
through a municipal electior, in which much
party spirit was developed, and great efforts
W»re put forth by all parties. The question
which divided them was this question of eman
cipation, the question of ridding the great State
of Missouri of the incubus of slavery, of eleva
ting the laboring man to a more independent
and respectable position. The question was
fairly raised and fairly met It was left ex
elasrvely to those interested in it, there was
no unjustifiable meddling by outsiders. The
struggle was arduous, every effort was put
forth to defeat the friends of fnee labor, b'ft
notwithstanding ft all, the emancipationists
achieved a triumph, and St. Louis the greatest
commercial City in the South, end the empo
laan of the greatest of the Ronthern 8tates, de
clared herself to be in favor of the success
this great movement. A great shout of joy
went up from the hearts of the friends of free*
dotn and free labor everywhere, whe regarded
the election of Wimer as the greatest triumph
of the age. And here was a most ftt occasion
for these sham Democrats to make good their
professions ot devotion to the cause of gradual
emancipation, but we have looked in vain for
any expression of sympathy from them in
behalf of the emancipatiorists of St. Louis or
the great cause which thny have espoused at
sorh great risk to themselves. It is met by
them either in dead ominous silence, or by
words of discouragement. We have asked to
no purpose, what is there objectionable in (his
Movement? Will it bring danger of dissolu
tion? It cannot for it is wholly witlin the
Southern section of the Union. Does it en
courage abolitionism, the windmill which the
valiant Democratic knights have all gone oti(
toejmbnt? Certainly not that direful aboli
tionism which has originated in the fancies of
the sham Democracy, and which they te!l usk
seeks the interference by the North in the
abolition of slavery in the Southern States.—
emancipation by the citizens of the slave State*
themselves, by those most deeply interested in
the subject, if done in a legitimate way has
heretofore met with the commedation of the
the Democracy. Indeed there is nothing in
this St. Louis movement, to which they can
raise one word of objection. On the contrary
taneously from the friends of free labor ever
wfcere.
But no, by the new light which illuminates
Democracy the fitness of this could not be seen,
aad instead of encouragement to the efforts of
the St. Louis emancipationists, they have only
aiioiragementto extend. Generally the sham
Democrats of the North dare not open their
•souths, being beset by the fear on the one
hand of giving offense to their southern mas
ters, and on the other of disgusting northerners
bjr a disclosure of their real sentiments. But
DOW and then one more zealous than the rest
hi support of slavery, and either leas prudent
Of more bold than they, is betrayed into the
expression of his real sentiments. And
Oekaloosa Time* gets indignant at the jubilee
school boy ten years old could answer
Sestion
po important and of such tranacenjent mag
nitude there shall be no ateps backward, flo
•f|ote it be.
•#S
©ttumtoa (Courier.
KORRI9, --Hditor
OTTUMWA, IOWA.
^HtRWAT, IPMIII
W- -MttIl:— IT. r_ -—,-ji
EdMlortnl K«lea
Alt communications gut be wcoBpiaM by the
M*L same of the author, but may be published with i
^ftltlous ll|D|tnrF.
ittia Mriia
Motloe of the mertinp of Charitable Institutions, and dians now warned of his approach, escaped.—
MMcal aud public meetings wall,, half the usual
if they have any regard for their former pre- the very best in Southern Iowa. The iron
tension aud boast*, and if there is any sincerity horse will come along here in a few months,
in their hearts they cannot refrain from join- and he promises to bring with him a great
ia| in the joyful shout which has gene up spon- many people. Albia is no doubt a lne place
and tine folks live there, and we congratulate
them on having a most excellent news paper
in the Press, but—the City of Albia and the
village of Ottumwa! Really neighbor you are
too ironical.
S«ch occasions they are quite liable to commit jthe ^at the comet will strike the earth
Some '-fantastic tricks." For instance, the I
INDIAN WAIt.
Wa ha\t detailed accounts of tba Indiaa
outrages in the north part of the State, and the
week. We enn only say that Maj. Williams
fotind twenty persons escaping from Spring
field, the locality of the massacre, in i most
destitute and miserable condition. The In-
Wp 5elpct the
Trie sham Democrncy are very much in the Little Sioux river, near the south-west corner
habit of mating long speeches about their de-
and
itfiich the anti-slavery men have raised over! »anc*d
the result of the St. Louis election, and with i
terrific vehemence and consummate wisdom,
Jeffries, has always been Sue of
the best attended and most reliable on the riv-
«T, and will be found so hereafter, we would
Vat What is said about the ferry of Mr.
fibbs at Chillicothe is all true, as we are well
|dvised, but we canrot let the remarks of our
gotemporary,
"Hufhfares, by Blskesburgh, and Chilicothe* as
%rell as the middle and nearer route. All should
lie worked thorougly, and bridges placed over
'*1 the atresias. There will be plenty at
Iravei for all of them, and a rich harvest for
01 the ferries. Tbe citizens living on all of
fees* routes would do well to attend to the
$
flowing extract from the re­
port
"The Indians commenced low down on the
of BarnH VMa co„nty ana
It was ascertained that forty-one persons
had been killed by the Indians, 12 missing—
probably killed—2 mortally, and 3 badly
wounded, and four women taken prisoners.
Cities ami Tillages.
THE COMET.
The comet U the great subject nowadays*
and as every body are having their word to say
ahout it, we ought to have ours also. But
what shall we say? Nothing, unless it is, that
if as some pretend to think, the comet is the
cause of our excessive and extraordinary cold
weather, we care not how soon it withdraws
to Jupiter, or some other more congenial cli
I mate. A good many have been frightened by
deran*e
eomc of our
exclaims "what gosd has the election of Wimer opinion that if a swal
done?" "what nigger has it set free." The !,ow
w'th
calculated to be so injurious to
fixtur"-
8ubi«ctthereha¥e be™ var'K,us
b*
bMt that
«dv™e«*
mtent
uP°n
the
and we will spare ourselves the
nible. I said train, ai all the comets ever discovered
But the work of emancipation se auspici- would have, if they were to strike agalust the
Misly begun in St. Louis let us hope will go on. earth. We hope if any of our readers have
^he discouragement of the sham Democrats of, felt any alarm on the aabjeet, that they wi I!
{fee North will not afcet it. Many noble endeavor to reconcile (heir belief with that of
hearts are engaged in it, and they have pro- the Parisian and go about their basinesa as
claimed U the world that in a work so grand. usual.
ODR Fa ant as.—The Albia Press aaiaten
Uonally, doubtless, does injustice to our fer
ries, in conveying the idea that they sre ur
jfliabl*. Whatever may have been the condi
C|on of them at the particular time the Editor glaases and search the heavens carefully and
«f that /aper wished to eroes, and we doubt get a glimpse if you can, of the eccentric vis
dot he truly represents the matter then, It was Wor. We wish it would come and go and leave
hut temperary we are sure. The ferry of I«" to ourselves, if its visit is not cocsistent
Ricksnlooper k.
**^VW01 KMjW TJW'J|i,.l#'?s^5MaiW'a
proceeded to break
up and destroy all the settlements of that coun
ty, Clay, Dickinson and Emmitt counties
then intended coming down the west branch
as far as they dare. Throughout their whole
course they have completely demolished every
settlement, killed all the cattle, ravished the
women, and most scandalously abused them.
They stood over the men with their guns
cocked while engagel in their hellish out
ages. Along that river they approached, and
cot into the houses, through professions of
friendship, and with a rush seited the men and
arms, taking the people by surprise, and at
tacking them in such a way that one familj
could not help the other all attacked simul
taneously. robbed them of everything, and left
them helpless in the midst of cold weather and
deep snows. They did not commence to kill
the settlers till they reached Dickinson county.
There, at Spirit Lake, it appears that the set
tlers had prepared to defend themselves as well
as they could, and, from all appearances, they
fought bravely for their families. The set
tlers at Spirit Lake numbered over forty souls,
not one of whom is left to tell the tale."
°n
ali'tle warmer weather.
W|,.-
Nwer mtiden
8® •broad without this word of ^aI hut our longings for the warm days
I. l» article !,nJ
«bout wirL, the red between h„. V"* 7*
#M,U are good, and will apply to all the thor-
"Valuable aad timely hints of friend Barnes,1 death all over the country. It is a sad thought
tor aaoadinf tbeir ways, building bridges, and that in a country so rich in agricultural re
e i n a s i n o u e e a i a o v o e
file of travail wbidi will shortly pour itself i source as this is, the cattle should die fori
(ferotifb
iv ilif
murder of some sixty men, women and child- birds ans singing, but the air is cold, and the
ren. A force of ninety men, under Maj. Wil- cloak and the shawl, are not HnriaafartabUi
Hams, had penetrated to the scene of the dif- I When will the spring come
Amities, from Fort Dodge, and has reported
to the Governor, and the report is published
We received a call last week from Mr
Barnes the excellent and gentlemanly Editor mics have been merged in Union schools, and
of that sterling sheet, the Albia Independent! the principal made superintendent. Patronage
Press. On his return to Albia Mr. Barnes from abroad frequently flows in to this highest
wrote and published in his paper, an interest- department, which, inasmuch as the pupils are
ing account of his visit to Ottumwa. in which non-residents, is of some pecuniary advantage
many good things were said of Blakesburg, in the support of the school.
Chilico'he, and our City, and some not so good
of our up the River neighbor, Eddyville. Mr.
Barnes was seriously annoyed by the diflicul
ties he experienced in getting across the Des
Moines, as *hfc wind happened to be blowing
rather a stiff bieeze, and he was compelled to
go to Chilicothe. which however he did not
regret as it gave him an opportunity to see that
enterprising Town
Well we are very aach pleased with his
remarks on the whole, and are willing to sub
mit to his reflections upon our Ferry arrange
ments, though under this protest that he is
very mnih mistaken in that respeet, but we
really dont exactly like one thing he raid.—
He is quite fur.ny—he calls Albia a fine City,
and speaks of Ottumwa as a smart village.—
Why neighbor we have a Mayor here, and a
Recorder, and nine Alderman stne of them
with- true Aldermanic proportions, and we
are an incorporated City. Its a fact sir, and if
you dont beleive it, we will show you the Chap
ter which was passed by the Legislature last
winter. And another thing, neighbor we have the interests of
not only got a Charter and Aldermen, but we
have got a real live City over here, and before
long we are going to have a great big City,
the largest in all this part of the Country, yes sir
thi»
theories
dilferf ""Monomer.,
b?
a
the
"lebrated Parisian,
rn°8t comfort»h«*
con,ol,t«ry to the
,uicWe were to flv
•8a,nrt
train of twelve cars running at full speed,
wouM Have abo,,t much
The comet has already been seen by the
aid of telescopes in some of the eastern cities,
and it is thought that it will soon be visible to
the naked eve. As to its location, somebody
says it is in B. Sagittari, and tomebodv else
a little more minute says it is in the North
East. So all you curious, out with your spy
Bnrlnr Y
,^,4
assure our friend. Besides, we have a ferry absent lover, or the exile for his native land,
started opposite the eity, which will he in than do we now sigh for the coming of Spring,
apnftant operation, with a new and reliabte jf,,
mor,
gQn over Mr
deeply for her
heads, but fails to impart
hi„ wonto1 w„mth.
It is I4ie last of April,
but me havf not their carpet of
pe#nf nor htve th, tre,„ put f#rth their bud,.
WRh a,p|ritof
agnation we endeavor to
k?*Ht
exPe"ence
'*c* deferred
maketh the heart sick."
The uneual cold weather and backward
Spring, we learn are producing very wriwu
cocsequences among the farssers. Feed is
scarce, in many places hay and fodder cannot
be had for love or money, and the conse
quence is that many cattle are starving to
seems to b«. Perhaps it wtU taach ov far
mers a lesson of prudence.
While we write the sun it shining and the
r®r
the
in the Hawk-By*. We regret that its length SCHOOL AND 8CHOOI»HOtI§E—
i and late reception prevents its publication this
ottumwa courier.
OWCE MORE
That our transient and continually changing
school-keepers, poorly paid and poorly en
couraged, in a rented and uncomfortable
school-room, and with irregular'.y attending
pupils, should fail to make young Amer
ica. male and female, as wise and steady,
and learned as partial parents desire, is not
strange. It would be wonderful if it were
otherwise. We need a free graded school,
what in Ohio would be callcd a Union school,
affording accommodations in one building, and
under an associated corpse of teachers for
the children of the city. In one apartment
might be placed all the little ones who are un
able to read, under the instruction of some
kind and experienced lady, who should be
chosen with special reference to he' fitness
for such a post. The scholars who have com
menced reading, with those attending to pen
inanchip, arithmetic, grammar, geography,
&amp;o., as far as the directors saw fit to extend
the range of study, mi^ht be distributed in two
or three more grades or departments, each of
which should have a special teacher. The
teacher of the highest department is usually
superinteiident of the whole school, and, in
some cases, is authorized to select and employ
his own assistants. The superintendent is in
such cases responsible to the directors for the
whole school—scholars and teachers. Gov
ernment and instruction in all the departments
are under his direction. It is necessary that
the superintendent be well acquainted with
approved modes of 'caching and governing in
every department of the school able to teach
a child the alphabet, and extract the cube
root it is also important that he be acquainted
with the higher branches of learning. In
many Union schools the higher mathematics,
the sciences, and even the languages, are
taught in the highest department by the su
perintendent and in many instances acade-
One of the advantages of the kind of school
we have been describing, is in regard to CI.M
lifyin* pupils. A hundred scholars of the
same degree of advancement may be instructed
by a teacher more easily than thirty of differ
ent degrees of advancement, as found in our
ungraded schools.
Teachers may, and should be selected with
special and sole reference to their JUnett for
the departments they are to fill.
Female teachers may with greet propriety
be employed in all the departments except the
highest.
The substantial advantages of a high school
or academy are thus made accessible to the
whole community.
The free graded school, combining all the
advantages of district school and academy, is
absolutely unrivalled for cheap****. This could
be demonstrated by facts and figures if called
for.
And, once more, the project of a fine graded
school should not be regarded as adverse to
those engaged in private
schools. There may be room here for a pri
vate school of a high grade in addition to our
public school. Such is probably the fact, and
the writer of this article wouid not only not
discourage, but do all in his power to tncour
age any earnest and hopeful effort in this di
rection and in addition, there may be those
among us who have pro\^ themselves worthy
teaehers in private schools, who would not
refuse a situation in a public school, if it were
equally remunerative and equally respectable.
In the Ohio Journal of Education for 1853,
page 58, may be found a table entitled, "Sta
tistics of forty-five Union schools in Ohio, for
tbe year 1852,n from which I select, for illus
tration, the items relating to two of thoee
schools:
lat, The town of B.vria, with a population of
1,600, Including 465 children between the
aire* of 4 and ti, had school during 42 weeks
of the year, the whole expense of which
amounted lo ftsea
Number of pupil* enrolled Sfift 0l
Averac«- attendance 2W 00
Mr. M. T.tOatmnn, superintendent,salary. ... (LVW) (KI
Fnar a».«!*t*nt female teacher*, average salary. 16S 1*1
Tuition fee nf non-residents, (school entirely free
to residents fl 00
Value of school buildings 9000
td. Walnut Hills—population 1,t00 number of
children 4H* school open 44 weeks In the
year. Pupils enrolled ttft 00
Average attendance ISA IN)
Mr. K. 8. Davis, superintendent, salary (MA (Ml
Three asssistant female teachers, average salary 2S4 00
Tuition of non-residents, (school entirely free to
residents 12 00
Total received from non-resldenM 4.*A IW
Value of school buildings H,«00
Value of district library 150 00
Value of maps and apparatus... 800 00
To adapt this information to the state of
things in Ottumwa, it would be necessary, of
course, owing to monetary changes within the
last five years, to enlarge the figures both in
regard to cost of building and expense of sus
taining school.
Ccn a wiser step be taken by tbe people of
Ottumwa than putting in operation such a
school Even if $5,000 or $9,000, or $8,000,
(the estimated cost of our new Jail) bo neces
sary to erect a new building, will aot the
amount be well expended
As to the plan of a house, tbe practical
teacher and the architect should be consulted.
The building should contain at least four dis
tinct apartments. The
('G]ennwood
house," fully described in the
want of lunrt tn lfiap Ihsm ilist* ¥et feat**Pay, yeienart tfct
slhool.
MPennsylvania
8chool Journal," volume 1, page 362, is wor
thy of attention as a cheap and model build
ing. But lest I occupy too much space in
your valuable columns, 1 fbrbear. It is tia^e
something were done in regard to our neglec
ted educational interests—at least so thinks
ONK or THB PeorLs.
BviIMU Correspondence*
PiTTssvaoH, Pa.j Apr. 21st, U,
JTYP. COOIUI—Dmr tin
Please say to
your subscribers in yeur next issue that I am
on my way to Ottumwa with a splendid stock
of Shelf and Heavy Hardware, selected with
great care and purchased at the recent decline
in prices. I also have some elegant Carriages
and Buggies on the way which I wtC sell at
jury low figures.
Jtapectfolly,
7 C. O. PACKARD
e following epigram was perpetra­
ted upen a Mr. Day, a rematfcably tall man,
who married Miss Right, who -vaa
short!— v.-•.*»-.
"This match to me appear* right,
BOTH OF A PICTURE.
The following is a postscript to a letter
from a friend in Ohio, ordering the Courier to
be sent to him. We commend the suggestions
and statistics contained in it to our readers
My warrant for 1A0 acres (war of 1812) is
entered in Iowa, and I know ef r.o better way
to procure correct information respecting any
county or State, than by taking papers. I am
one of President Pearce's sectionalists, who
vo*ed for twenty-one electors—that voted for
Fremont and Dayton, and so callous have I be
come, that after six months' of second thought
I would do it over again had I an opportunity,
and glory in the art.
Look at the 876th page of the second vol
ume of public documents, accompanying Pres
ident Pearce's message, December, 1856, in
the Postmaster General's report, for confir
ma'i n of the President's message, that the
friends of Fremont, are ignorant.
FRKMONT AND DAVT0N-11 STATU.
Rxpcnses of carrying sad
delivering malls
Postage recelv eJ $\mjm
Surplus received over ex
pense 8,471,507 SO
BUCHANAN AND BRECKINRIDGE—It STATES.
Expense of carrying and
delivering malls fS,M4,M6
Postage received tt,M8,tA4 76
Deficiency
FILLMORE AND DONALDSON—1 STAT*.
Expenses of carrying and
dellverinp malls $168,470 87
Postage received #lft7,1flS OS
Deficiency 78,366 83
If that is not "confirmation strong as holy
writ," in what 8tate» ignorance most predom
inates, I have missed my guess. J. F.
&amp;«ter from the Indian W«HV
NAMES OF THE KILLED.
RED WINU, Min., April SO.
BtftroarTAIBUNK Mr. George C. Granger
has just arrived from the scene of the Indian
massacres. The Indians first made their appear
ance 100 miles south of Spirit Lake. They fol
lowed up the river, plundering and murdering
up to Spirit Lake, and then turned east in the
direction of St. Peter. At Spirit Lake they
murdered forty whites. They killed James
Mattocks and his whole family, and a Mr.
Madison residing with them, numbering eight
persons. Dr. J. H. Harriet, Mr. Bartamus
Snider, N. C. Granger, (whose parents live in
Michigan) Joseph Harshman, (late from In
diana,) H. Gardner and family, (all except
his daughter, 15 years old, taken prisoner,)
were all murdered. The fardner family,
which was destroyed, numbered seven per
sons, including his son-in-law, Mr. Lewis.—
Mr. Marble, of Iowa, was killed, and his
wife, after having first been violated by the
monsters before his eyes, was carried away a
prisoner. Mr. How and family were all kill
ed, except his daughter, 18 years old, who was
ravished and made prisoner. Mr. Noble, wife
and child were murdered. Mr. Thatcher was
absent from home, but his wife was carried
away, and his child, aged eight months, was
murdered.
Tbe band of Indians then proceeded to
Springfield, in Minnesota, and attacked that
settlement, containing ten families, who were
all fortified in three bouses and one store—the
latter belonging to William ar.d G. Wood
both were killed during the assault, and the
contents of their store carried off. At tbe
House of Mr. Thomas a large number of shots
were fired by the Indians. Mr. T.'s son, a
lad 15 years of age, was shot dead at the door.
Mr. T.'s arm was broken by a shot. «David
Carver was wounded in the side and not ex
pected to live. Miss Church was wounded in
the shoulder very severely. Four or five of
the Indians were killed by those inside.
Tbe house of Mr. 8teers was attacked and
carried by storm, and all the inmates butch
ered, except a little son of Mr. Steers, 8 years
old, who escaped.
About fifty shots were fired at Mr. Smith's
house, containing ten persons, none of whom
were killed. The cattle were all shot down
—the pockets of the killed were rifled—every
valuable that could be carried off was taken.
After the Indians had decamped, the survivors
made their way to Emmet City for safety.
They suffered terribly from cold and exposure
some were barefooted, others half clad, aad
all destitute of food. They had to camp out
at night, without shelter and to ford streams
on the march up to their necks. It was an aw
ful retreat.—[Chicago Tribune.
(J^T-'Positively my first appearance," as
the chicken said when it came out of the
sholL •i
lip •i nr
Louis, ApriyHU.
A pleasure excursion on the Pacific Rail
road took place yesterday in honor of Ed
ward Everett, who repeals his oration on
Washington to- night.
Madam Le Grange sang to a laiye and en
thusiastic audience last night ,w,,,
Quindaro, Kansas Apf#4i.
Secretary 8tanton publishes an address to
the people of Kansas at Lecompton and Union.
He says the administration recommends the
authority of the Territorial laws, and espe
cially recognizes the act providing for a con
stitutional convention. He presumes the con
vention will submit to the vital question of the
domestic institutions of the 8tate for subse
quent vote of the people. He thinks that
then Congress will admit the 8tate immedi
ately. He recommends a general amnesty
for past enormities and persecutions. He ex
pects Gov. Walker aboot the middle of
May. _____
Washington, April 28.
The War Department has completed ar
rangement* for a wagon road from Fort De
fiance to Hogava river Ed. F. Be ale super
intendent James P. HobMeten, Physician.
Lieut. Charles E. Thor
burn has been detach
ed from the navy to accompany the expedition
for Geological snrvevs—25 camels and drome
daries will be employrd, one of the obiects
being to test their endurance aud adaptabili
ty to the climate. The party will consist of
about 50 picked men provided with the nece*
sary implements to break a road through, and
will rendezvous at New Orleans on the 20th
of May. All the parties for the different sec
tions of the road are now oiganized with in*
structions to commence operations at the ear
liest possible period. It is thought the work
will be finished by next December.
An idea of tbe amount of letter-writing
in the United 8tatas, may be inferred by the
number of postage stamps sold, which during
the last year, was oao bundled aad fifty ail*
Uoos.
OME or THB Giau.—A young lady lately
drove a load of wood Into Lpaisville, sold it,
purchased some family aeceaslties. threw them
and herself laths weed wsgwn, with the apli
ty of a* satire young ssan, pursued her
way home to the rmdiMaaM of "Pop Goes
the w easel/' which abetqSvtled with mascu
line taste and spirit. 8be Is eighteen years of
age, slid her father hastaxables to the amount
pf$MyNft
twii-otft wyiitiMf ftin
WEEKLY OTTUMWAr COURIER. JNTO. IB
ARRIVAL OF THE AMERICA.
HALIFAX, AptU M.
The America arrived at 8 p. m. last evening
The election* In England were nearly ovar. Tile
Ministerial net gain, so far, la compat««i Sfc
Sidney Hobert It apoken of aa Minister mt War, In
place of Lord Pannur«.
Ivelaad D«UQIMOD la Ministerial candMate for
Speaker.
The English Government tarnished three steamers to
aaslat la laying the Atlantic Telegraphic oabta, file
cable will be eompletad In June and laid In Jaty.
FRANCE.
The rumored attempt to a*aiuKlntite the Emperor was
unfounded, but aereral arrexte had been made ef per
son* connected with secret xocletie*.
SPAIN.
A Madrid letter ss.v* active communications are
taking place between Spain, England and Franca, on
the aubject of the Spaninh Mexican difficulties The
Spanlah government hope* to obtain the moral aup
port of those power* and In ca*e the question goes
beyoad war betweaa Mexico and Spain (Mr smterfal
support also.
DENMARK.
The Cabinet have tendered their reslgmttion. Cnnse
local politics. The Iant«h Diet unanimously approved
of the abolition of the Sound dues, and a treaty I*
concluded with foreign powers.
ATPTKIA.
An Austrian Circular states reepeettiw MM I aalrli
Sardinian rupture that in the event of the Interference
of England an France proving unsuccessful, Austria
will seek mensure* for her own protection, The au
thenticity of the Circular is doubted.
PERSIA.
The Ottoman Ambassador at Teheran had ra^nleed
the execution of the treaty and the restoration of sev
en towns to Turkey.
Latest telegraph advices are te hand from Bombay
to 80th Calcutta 18th March, aad Baahlera SStk of
February.
Gen. ABtram had planned an expedition for the cap
ture of Amessamurah on the Lawron. The embarka
tion of troop* had commenced and the attack was ex
pected to take place «n the 30th of March.
WAMHSOTOK, April ?4.
The New Orleans mall of the 18th has been received.
The papers contain no news of importance.
The charges *galn*t the Governor of Nebraaka hav
ing beon withdrawn he will be removed on the ground
of public expediency. Hia probable successor will be
chosen from a non-slaveholdlng State.
The President was serenaded by the Marine Band
last night, on the occasion of the MUi anniversary of
hi* birth day.
The Governorship of Utah has been tendered to Ma
jor Ben McCulloagh. It 1* believed that he will accept
the appointment. A letter Is now on it* way to him
requesting his presence in Washington. The design
of the Administration Is to puraue a peaceable policy
toward* Utah, in order that the laws shall be observed
and the rights of every Inhabitant ol the Territory
protected without resorting to arms.
Washington, AprH 17.
The administrstion is now taking a rest in
the matter of appointments, and owing to the
accumulation of current businesi of the de
partments. Cabinet meetings will not be held
so frequently as heretofore. The Treasury
Department has investigated measures for as
certaining the amount of taxation «f all kinds
in each State and tbe sum* necessary for the
inaintainance of tbe government In the princi
pal cities.
New York, April 28.
The liquor dealers held a meeting last night
and adopted resolutions to disregard tbe new
exercise law and take the proeecution under it
to the highest courts in order to test its con
stitutionality. a fund was raised for this pur
pose.
Oswego, April 28.
The schooner Wm. Raynor, with a cargo
of wheat and flour from Toronto, for this port,
went ashore last night belo'v east pier. The
sea broke over the vessel and the deck load of
flo«tr was washed overboard.
New Orleans, April 24.
Tbe steamer Cahawba, from Havana the
20th. arrived at this pert.. She encountered
heavy westerly gales on tbe 13th, and on the
morning of the 15th fell in with the bark
Warren, from New York, off Cape Hatteras,
entirely abandoned. She was sMit to Norfolk
ir. charge of the mate of the Cahaw ba.
The stock of sugar at Havana and Matan
xap was 242,000. The pri e had advanced
one real and the Market was unsettled.
The Saratoga left Havana for Key Wert on
the 17th—all well.
Col. Oxnara, late a defaulting exchange
broker in this city, was arrested at Havana
by order of the CapL General, and ordered to
leave the Island—a package of $13,000 was ta
ken from him.
Cotton slightly advan"ed, 60,000 bales at
13lal4i sales of the week 20,900 bales, re
ceipts 13,500. Flour closed with an advan
cing tendency u.ixed cern 60a76 lard in bbls.
15 prime Rio coffee lliallt. Exchange on
London 9} premium on N. Y. 1 do.
Tbe America arrived at Boston at 10:30 A.
M. The steam frigate Niagara stopped last
evening at Sandy Hook, and after landing some
passengers, proceeded on her passage to Eu
rope. Her trial trip poved every way satis
factory.
Oswego, April 25.
George Peabody, with several prominent
Boston gentlemen are here to-day. It is said
their visit is connected witlPthe completion of
the New York and Binghampton railroad to
this city, in which project Mr. Peabody is
said to be largely interested.
The Postmaster General made a thorough
contract with Mr. C. K. Garrison for semi
monthly mails between Orleans and Vera Crux.
Contracts for about 15,000 mail routes, prin
cipally in New England and New York were
let out to-day by P. M. General. These con
tracts are somewhat mpre extensive thaa the
previous ones.
ST. LOUIS, April 25.
Seata Fe mail arrived at Independence 21st.
No news of interest weather usually warm
fire in houses unnecessary farmers bu
sy planting, business dull Indian depredations
continue extensive—preparations are being
made for a campaign against the Gila Appa
cbes,*to commence on the first of May. Dif
ficulties with the Utahs are apprehended.—
Tbe Kiowas express friendship far the
whites. __
Dunkirk, April 25.
The harbor is now open for navigation.—
Tbe propell«rs Jersey City and Osnpgo, have
srrived at the dock. Tbe Olen and Elmyra
have left and the New York will leave this
JRellgiouit Notice*
There Will be services of the ProtaftalA
Episcopal Church on Sunday the 3d HHi., at
10 A. M.,and P. M. at the Masonic Hall,
over A. L. Graves' store. Preaching by the
Rev. D. F. Hutchinson of Mt. Pleasant also,
on Saturday eve. the 3d inst.. at 8 o'clock at
the office of John J. Wendell Esq., to orgsn
ixe a Parish of tbe sbove church. Those in
terested are earnestly inviteJ to De present.
Ottumwa Cemetery Association.
Notice of Incorporation.
In pursuance of the provisions of Chapter 42, of
UUe 10, of the Code of Iowa, approved February fi»h
1851, the undersigned and their associates, adopt the
following articles of Incorporation, to-wlt:
1st. The object and bus In en* of tbe corporation
hereby intended, is to purchase, po**e*s, and divide
into lot*, a piece of land uf suitable dimension* and
locality, within the immediate neighborhood of Ottum
wa, a* a burial place for tbe dead and to fence, im
prove and erect necessary buildings on the came.
Sd. The corporate name shall be, "The Ottumwa
Cemetery Association,"—aad Its principal place of
business, Ottumwa.
3d. The Capital stock of the corporation to b« 98,
000, represented by 1,000 chares of $5 each, issuable
and payable at cuch time* and in auch proportions as
•hall be necessary for the object Intended. Shares to
be transferable and applicable In the payment of lot*
in tbe grounds of the corporation. Holder* of Bcrlp of
•hares, and holders of certlAcate* of ownership of lots,
to be deemed alike member* of the corporation.
4th. The corporation to commence on the 1st day
of April 1857,to be extended from time totime,acconHnf
to the laws of Iowa, and to have perpetual *uccessioo.
6th. The private property of the corporators not te
be liable for corporate debts.
7th. All funds derived from the ale of ihares or
lots, donations, or otherwise, to be applied In tha pur
chase of land for the purpose* herein declared and It*
improvement.
7th. The ofllcer* to conduct the affair* of the cor
poration to be a Board of Trustee*, to be elected bjr
tha members of the corporation.
bih. The Hoard of Trustees to consist of nine per
sons, and to be divided into three classes, the first class
to serve one year, the second two years, and the third
three years. The flint Board of Trustees to be elected
on the 1st day of May, 18S7, and their saceeaaors to
be elected annually on the 1st day of May, as the va
cancies occur.
9th. In case of resignation, or death of any Trustee,
or of vacancy from any other cause, the remaining
Trustee* to All the vacancy for the remainder of the
term.
10th. The President. Secretary and Treasurer to
be designated by the Board of Trustees at their Srst
meeting after their election and in every succeeding
year after the annual meeting of the corporation.
Dated at Ottumwa, March 80th, 1367.
T. C. Collin Thos. Devin James D. Devin J. Leigh
ton H. P. Graves B. F. Copeland C. C. Warden A.
L. Grave*, J. H. I). Street J. J. Wendell K. WaA
burn T. J. Devin J. Browne Geo. Glllaspy John 4.
Adams J. W. Norris John Myers, jr. Geo. W. Devla
II. B. Hendershott J. W. Caldwell D. Qaylord.
n!S-4t
DIUO
On the l£th of April, in this city, Mail. U K. PraTue.
Hhe was a member, in good standing, of the I. O. of 9.
Templars. At the last meeting of the Order tha fol
lowing resolutions were adopted:
KKSOLVKD, That in the untimely death of oar be
loved Sister, L. £. Kenton, this order has loot one of
it* brightest and most faithful members, and we deep
ly deplore the *ad event that has so *uddenly deprived
us of the assistance of one who waa so earnestly devo
ted to oar noble cauie.
RatMiLvan, That we tender eur heartfelt sympathy t«
the companion and relatives of our departed Sister,
and would admonish them to join us in carrying oat
the three principal Tenets of our Order—Faith, Hope,
and Charity—that wi may iu. be prepared to meet her
IntheGRAXD MIDGE, ABOVK.
RBSOLVKII, That each member of this Lodge be re
quested to wear tbe usual badge of nidtrnlng for thirty
days.
RRSOLVBD, That the above resolutions be published
In the Ottuinwu Courier and the Temperance papers
In tlilk jurisdiction.
Brio 3Ubfrtiscnuiits.
CABS AHE (W.nnui
E A A K
THK CAKS ARE COMING—FREIGHTED WITH
STOVES &amp; JAPANKD WARE«
FOR THE
CnCWITtATI STOVE DEPOT,
(Opposite the Curlew Housed
WIIKItE
may lie found, at all times. Stores of the
latest slid best patterns, such as the King of
Stoves Hawkeve State Elevated Oventftoves Qulitcy
City, an air tight stove, all warrnnted.
fc-fP I am alio prepared to cut Letters of different
sUes, for brands.
Ottumwa, April 80-aA-y J,
•. nil iii.i
J. N. Roger*.
WHOLESALE
"cuv
Washington, April 2-^.
New Orleans mail of Sunday been received.
Exports of cotton on Saturday amount to 14,
600 bales.
New York, April 45.
Mayor Wood this morning procured anoth
er injunction in the name of the people against
tbe new board of police commissioners. It is
also said that a writ of quo warranto was
granted by Judge Rosewell this P. M. upon
the application of the attorney general of the
8tate for the purpose of enquiring by whst
right the new police commissioners held of
fice.
9. Morrison,
N O E 8
S O
GROCERS*
GRIMK8' BLOCK, Main street,
Bl'BLIKIiTONf IOWA*
AABB
Ntrw York, Api^l 2.".
now receiving, river mid rail road, a large
and splendid Stork nf Fancy and Staple Groce
ries, to which they invite the attention of the trade.—
Our flock is full and complete, consisting in part of the
following articles, viz:
1 000 kg* assorted null* «15t lxs fancy soap
SOOboxs do glass 1(S) do family de
150 do do tobacco /100 do assorted candy
80tl do stnr k m'd eand'sj fs) half chests tea
5ft hlids N. O. sugar /Its) do 4th k Sth hbl tuack'l
MS baps Rio k J'v Coffee 25 bxs cod flsh
800 Mils k k'g* molasses 150 do rulslns k figs
April *1 !. J. N. ROUKK8 k Co.
i: AT MARKET
MARKET STREET,
OTTUMWA, IOWA.
HAVINGrespectfully
permanently located in Ottamwa we
would inform the citizen* of the city
and country, generally, that we have opened a Market
where we can be found, at any hour of the day, ready
to furuish customers with meat. In quantities to suit
their wants from time to time. Being experienced In
the business and Intending to do a fair one, we shall
expect a Rood share of public patronage.
I# The highest cash price paid for Potatoes, But
ter, Eggs Ac. BLtOia A WILLIAMS.
April S0-n9-Sm
Jl'MT ABBIVED IN THE CITY!
PA1NTINO AND VLAZINQ!!
FB1HE uudeualgned take this opportonlty to Inform
i the clt liens of Ottumwa and vicinity that the/
will do all liluds of House painting, graining, glaalng,
paper hanging and whitewashing, at short notice.
SHOP over E. Washburn's stove store.
April ao-niMf EATON A HOIUKOX
FARMS FOR RENT.
HE undersigned wishes to rent four farms situated
five miles from Ottumwa, on reasonable terms.
April Kth-ni»-*w JOHN J. ADAMS.
DISSOLUTION
OF CO-PARTNERSHIP.
THE
Co-partnership heretofore existing and doing
business under the styles of Stlchter, Crone A
Gllson, of the Dry Goods business in Burlington, and
Mlchter, Crone A Gilson, of the generul mercantile
business in the "Curlew House" building in Ottumwa,
and Btlchter A Co. of the Hotel business, is this day
dissolved by mutual consent, Mr, Gilson retiring from
the company. The styles of the mercantile business of
the new firms in Burlington aad Ottumwa, will be
Stlchter Ac Crone and In the Hotel business it will be
the same as heretofore, Btichter k Co. The books of
the several houses recaain to be settled by Htljhter A
Crone, aud we earnestly request all indebted, to make
immediate settlement, ef their accounts
apr, t8-noWw.
V.
G. 8TICIITER.
J. P. CROMK.
C.
J.
GIL8OK.
JOHN PUMROY,
"Wholesale and Retail
UKiUCft IN
DRUGS, MEDICINES,
PAINTS, VARNISHES, OILS,
Dye Stuffs, Perfumery,
GLASH, GLA88 WARE, fee.
OTTUMWA, IOWA.
ITEBP ronsUntlv nn hand all th- leading Patent
1 oft**as* -"9|Matst«+ai»tt
UuaiMi
AND
SUMMER GOODS
Carefully Selected in
PHILADELPHIA, HKW TOBK A**
BOSTON.
BUYINGbest
from Importers and manufacturing anMS
in the markets every *lx months, and sdlM
for READY PAY, Cssk sr Predace
down, and charging no percentage flsr bad debts V*
can and will give our customers a* good, perhaps a
little bargains In pilme staple goods than
they can get elsewhere la Wapello naalj Ttr
We offer in ».
DRY GOODS-
BROADCLOTHS—Mae%, Wee, wreen fcrdlrti
CA8SIMERES—black, and fancy.
SATT1N ETTH—heavy cords, denims, drills, tick
ings. checks, shirting, stripe*, linen daek and drills,
blue linens, linen and c*tl«n diapers,bird* »idliMb
crash, extra sheeting* and shirtings, blehd, hf blcfUTM
brown, a great variety.
DRESS GOODS—
Plain, blk, hard, and flgd Silks, Summer Atyles very
low, new styles Robes Giacenlos, plaid Challle,
Eng and Am DeLalns, rich Silk styles Chambesy
and Lawn Ginghams, Scotch, Eng, and Am, GinghapS
at 12 cents and upwards.
PRINTS
1 SO pieces Eng. and best Am. fast colors,
all the best brands 4-4 aad narrowed,
(MMDS, FANCY OOODO, NOTIONS,
RIBROXM, TB(.HniN«% Ac. §s
5
A GREAT VARIETY* JWt REfDw*
CLOTHING,
ffclE SILK "W
AW
rwm"'i-
Biaels, Psseawifl eyhera
4k straw Heist"
A great quantity and iirweet styles.
O O S &amp; S O E S
A very large stock bought directly from Boston na^
facturers,—Quality and Prices, warranted
equal to anything west of the
Mississippi.
hardware A8M) OTORitr.
MECHANICS Tools,
Planes eta,.
Groceries,
Iron,
steal.
•MMthlag
every if.-.-*
taste,
and
that
for
cash
or
m'
In this line weefferthe h*lt 600DS brought te
this market, and will compare our Boston Parrk*
Stamt with all competitor*. We offer a great variety
and will furnish parties baildlng. Mechanics aad (MRS
ers, on better terms than they aave ever secured SS
Ottumwa.
NsMs,
8#*,
'•lass,
Paints,
Baca*,
Fruit tcc.
FiaMef all llsii Confectionery, BMa, etc., etc.,
fieeStost variety ever offered totheettyer
Ottamwa, Iowa.
CARPETS! CARPETS!
A great variety nf all wool Ingrains, 87 Inch, at SO to
SO cents, shipped to us to be closed out immediately
at about HALE PRICE, fresh from factory and of ftae
patterns and material.
ALSO—Union Ingralnss at 40 eta.
Landlord* and housekeepers take notice.
WALL PAPERS—a large lot of line English ex|W
widths, Hllnd papers, curtain goods and fl ft a
fas
Marseille* Quilts 10 1-4 and 11 1-4, damaska, etc.
QUEENSW ARE—Fine at vies, whtsets.
GLASSWARE—Plated ware, etc.
Balances due as on Note or Account ML"ST be
soon or collected. We are getting back to Ready
ami liHving been forced to use new capital In buy
part of our goods this Spring cannot give further S
dulgence—"A word to the wise," ke.
April !J0, "o7. DEVIS A BROTUEIC
R. H. WARDEN &amp; CQ4
.tttftStvA
raceiviag
a very
large
and
^keirs
Mock
of
y.* V
*ui
I
'I
attempt
te
enumerate.
Suflice
it
to
sajr
that
I
We a4M ssB thesa as tear aa they can
this market.
9-r WARDEN A Co.
WESTERN
Put
!$$'
up#
Wi"'
Produce
K, ni'NIC
The subscriber r«s|kectfuliy annouuees that he tea
Just opened the above establishment In the
new buttdtng of Henry W. gtsrr, Esq. tar,
Third St., next north of the Barret House, (not In SI
HW
Barllaglen, lewa. W?
Mock consists of the largest assortment ef
BOOM AND STATIONERY ever brought west
of the Mississippi River.
Books of the Latest and best edition*, adapted to the
want* of schools aud libraries of every graea, and rea
ders of every age, class and taste fine itatioaery ef
every kind, paper, blank books, Ac., of the Very beet
quality, at the lowest price*. An experience of many
yuri in the book-scttfiig publlNlif te
eastern cities, extensive acquaintance and favorable
arrangements with the largest Publlahlng Ileuses, war
rants the subscriber la saying he can give satisfaction
in tliU department.
Piano Fortss.—Which for beauty snd pow
er of tone, and elegance of finish, challenge comparlaor
with any in the I'nited Mate*. The connection oft*
subscriber with the Manufactory where these Inst
ments are made, enables him to give a full guaran.^
that every instrument will give entire satisfaction, or
It will be exchanged or the purchase money remin
ded.
Melodsoas.—From the celebrated manufac
tory of Geo. A. Prince A Go., which of Itself is su
Sclent
guarantee of their excellence.
Xosieal Instrnsats.—Including Guiti
Violins, Flutes, Claironetts, VIoMncetloe, Accordeeasl
Music Boxes, Ac., Ac. Also, Violin string* and Musical
Merchandise generally.
•hsat Kasie.— Katbracing tha latest and
moat popular publications, as well aa the proiluctieas
of 8tandard Classical Authors.
(*«ll sad Milver Wsirhes aai Chaias*
Which have been purchased, and will be sold at mavfo
less than the usuul prices, and every article will prose
exactly as represented.
Hats aad Oafs.—Comprising s fins assart*
ntent of Soft Hate and Mlk Plush and Cloth Cafe,
which will be sold at Wholesale or Ketaii, at lower |M
ces than at any other House in the State,
Fancy Goods.—Consisting of GaM Ftni
Pencils, Pocket Books. Port Moualee Hah"BSnuhss aaA
Combs, Indies Ketlcules, Rasors, 8tros», BoaM. Mn
of limu Flowers, Lyons' Kathuiron, Bogies' liypailan
Hulj, Ac., k.
TIIE CELKSTIXA—Tbe latest and best ooHeetlon of
Church Music, by V, C, Tavlor, price |ljU0. Tn/lee's
Choral Anthems, a splendid collection nf Antaems,
Choruses, Ac., for Sacred Music societies, Msaaood
Classes or Choirs, price |1^5. The Concordia, col
lection of One Glees, Ouartetts, Ac., price SScts,, always
ea hand and will he towarded bjr asatt, pnrtage paid,
to any person remitting the sbove named prices.
HOMSOPATIIY.—fl»e subscriber Is Agent hr Prof
Humphrey's gpeclftc liomwopathlc Medicines, whM
are especially adapted to family use—price of ease
cotalnlag 16 boxes. With Manual, Also, Hoa*
pathic books for domestic use, always on hand.
Friends, acquaintances and strangers, one and sll.
are Invited to call and examine my stock, as they via
be cordially welcomed, even though they may not wish
te purchase.
Burllngtea, Jsa. 1W. ft.JL HAWLEY,
nol4-6u £ate of Utica, g,
BNotes,
IRL.ES, Testament*. Bible Dictionary. Uariies*
Buck'* Theological Dictionary, Mlgrim's
Progress, Life of Christ, Sermons for the Times, an4
Fox Book of Martyr's for sale by 3. U TATlOK
'©•«. tjlBT "7''