TlmrliiT Mrpirmbrr .
Tkr Trae KUte of Ike nr.
Tlic Democracy arc frequently
charged by t ! oppoitbm with being
favorable to the renewing of the Slave
Trade. The result of the gutarnato
rial election in Texa proves most con
clusively that tho irrcat mas of the I
Democracy arc opposed to that meas
ure. Jay County Democrat.
Unfortunately for the argument rf
the Democrat, bwt a Miiall fragment of
the DcrnocratScr party revile in Texan.
It is a well known fact that thero i
an extensive, German population in
Texas who arc not Slaveholder, hut
active, woikin Free State men, which
ai the hot they could do under the
urcumstanccs voted for (ion. Houston.
Itut with tho admission of tho Dem
ocrat that thero aro only GOOO voters
in gTexa who are opposed to tho re
Opening of the Slave-Trade, what
may we not expect by tho time
the Presidential Campaign m over?
It has not been long miicc this que
tion wan sprung by the Democracy and
even at this early periol according to
their own admission the Slave-Trade
party arc defeated in Texan by the
mall majority of 0,000. If tho op
position to tho Slave-Trade movement
had hare ron any other man than (Jen.
Houston he would doubtless have been
beaten.
It has been but a few years sine
the Democracy of Indiana were in fa
vor of the "Wilmot Proviso. It was
only in 1840 that every lending Dem
ocrat in Indiana declared in favor of
Congressional intervention to for ever
exclude Slavery from our Federal Ter
litories; but now you can not lind one
of them that has the manliness to
avow any thing of tho kind. J low
fcoon has tho transition been made?
Their first btep downward was into
the mire ant! filth of Squatter Sover
eignty. They lost one state by that
fcham, and now what do they demand?
a Slave Code protecting Slavery in
the Territories. Xo, no, says the Pop
ular Sovereignty Democrats; 'wc will
let the people of tho Territories make
their own laws, subject only to the
provisions of the Constitution of the
United States But has not the Su
preme Court declared that by the ex
press terms of the Constitution of the
United Statis, that Slavery is ordain
ed and established in the Federal Ter
ritories? And here you have the South
fcido of the Cincinnati Platform.
Where were the wise Apostles of
tho Democratic party and what were
they about, that they did not make
this discovery in 1819-50 when they
were instructing their Senators and
Representatives in Congress to exclude
Slavery for ever from tho Territories
by the passage of the Wilmot Provi
so? Tho slaveholders of the South,
their masters, have since put a new
song in their mouths.
And how long will it be before they
will Ikj Faying, great is Stephens of
Georgia, Brown of Mississippi, who
taught us that our 'Fathers did not
understand tho institution of Slavery,
and that it must be finally abandoned
'if we do not very soon receive new
supplies from Africa?' If the South
ern Democracy are so strongly oppo
sed to the rc-opening of the Slave
Trade, why is it that Douglas has to
fulminate his anathemas so violently
against it tkeep tho whole party, if
possible, front running headlong to
destruction?
And there is another little item to
which we would call the 'Democrat's'
attention, ami we lxp he wilT give us
some light upon the subject.
Ist winter the Hon. David Kilgore
of this State, askcil tlic suspension of
the rule9 of the llonae of Representa
tives to enable him to piusent a
erics of resolutions in relatiun to the
Slave-Trade, one of which reads
follows:
Resolved, That the laws in force
against t-aid tratlic arc founded upon
the broadest principles of philanthro
py, religion and humanity; that they
idiould remain unchanged, except so
far as legislation may be needed to
render them more efficient; and that
they should bo faithfully and prompt
ly executed by the government, au I
respected by all good citizens.
It was the votes of Democrats that
prevented the passago of thi resolu
tion, and Northern Democrat &amp; too, at
that. Wc hope that the Son. of the
Jay County Democrat, will take this
resolution in his pockot when he goe
forth to solicit the votes of the honest,
hardy yeomanry of Jay, and that he
vs'iW read it to them and tell them
that it wa hi party that defeated its
passagt ivd winter. Any thing short
of that will b a misrepresentation of
the principle ol the party of which he
U a faithful and devoted member.
Again we cjy from the Democrat.
It may be true that a feir Dcwo
craU, and perhaps an equal or grrater
number of the Opposition, would be
glad of the opportunity to stock tleir
plantations with wild Africans, but
the idea that any conriderablo number
of Democrats arc of that stamp is pre
polerons By 'the Opposition tu the above
paragraph, he of conno does uot mean
Republican, but tnuther pifrty uf the
the South, who u ttriving with the
Pern oc racy to mo which party can
crawl in the nuitiut tilth and deepest
mire at the behest of the Slave power.
But let us examine a to the truth
of this ftatcmcnt which the Democrat
tay is so 'preposterous.
Wonder if Stephen A. Douglas will
c taken as authority? Hear what he
fays on that subject. We copy from
an article which the Indiana State
Scntin?! copies good authority is it
nott neighbor Seu?
'In regard to the Slave-Trade Mr.
Douglas stated tlwt tlir was not a
shadow f?f a T'vnbt but that it had been
carried on qnitc extensively for a long
tinvc baek, and that there had ben
more slaves imported into the South
on States during thl last year than
had ever leen imported before in any
one year, even when the Slave Trade
was legal. It wa- his confident belief
that over 1 5,t M)0 slaves had Iren
brought into this country during the
pat year. He had seen, with his
own eye, J0 of thoo recently im
ported miserable beings in a slave pen
at Yieksbtirg. Mis., and alo large
numbers nt Memphis.'
It is truly remai kable to what ex
tent the lavc power has driven these
freedom-loving Democrats of the
North. But as it is a critical time
with tho Senior just now we will, for
the picscnt, let him pass,
m
Where Mialltlie et Xatior.nl Ke
publiraii Convention he held!
The Daily Atlo-s and tho Dailr
ItcnewTil of Trouble in Southern I
Kitnn.
The Mivsourians have kidnapped
one of Montgomery's men named
Wright, att'tis Pi kl-, and taken him
into Missouri for trial, on an indict
ment presented by the grand jury for
an old oil en sc.
I or Ihr J9rnl.
.Memory,
The mind is an assemblage of faeul
lie., uhtixf nrfinti tirniltwu. iulii Muni !
character. The mind, in respect to its
development, is governed by the same
laws that governs tire body. Action
is the strengthening power of both
ror the JuHrxal. I What is (oni itutionnl Mm er f J The African Mnrr Trndr.
Mn. Kiitron: It is undeitoHl that ' The modern constitutional coustiu- . m ,r.,, r frir.,, -, t,,,fr.i i
The Amnesty art parsed by thcla-d ! body and mind. Action tends to give
Iegiolatmc is claimed to have releaxctl ' sdidity and strength to the entire
Montgomery and all his men from ar- j physical system. The mind asks but
rst for past oflenses. It is believed ; the snmc to become vigorous and pow
that Montgomery is rallying his forces 'erful. Action produces a good result,
and will demand Iii- unconditional re- but the greatest good can be obtained
lease. Several young men have hft only by a free ue of all the powers of
Ijawrcncc who were mcmWrs of Mont- tlr. mind. Action is the law, but liar-
gomerv s eompanv, wlio it is believed rnonious action is the true Ian-,
the old Board of Township Trustees of crs who declare that that instrument
this Township had, l cfuie their term carries Slaveiy into the Territories,
of olliic expired, takcu tho pie-1 oud will protect the slaveholder in his
inarv tri.s towards the building of rights against "all
' . i j of an .Ijrirwrnl iru'i i
Mmr-Trndr in Noiith ( arntinn.
'1 be following volunteer takts weie
gien at a f r.istli of Jnlv telebiatioti
mf
at Walteiboio in that tate:
tiner An ! ! :..l.;!..,.t J' t ol. I. J. its ,1 A heity
m. AIM M I V I ( I'llMOlMV . .
liniinarv trps towards the buihling of riglits against all comeis, to borrow i u. .j , . .. . ; t,,:.., welcome to I aj t. m. oine in tlei
a new school house for the neeo.nmo- 1 V" Jvernor ,se. seems , ;ue n,Usfall,iv hu,lti n l:,litr( . N an le.er. w ith as m.ny Africans .
.i i to torget that the "rights (f nIavc-i :.. ". r.i i i r h cm Lung in, rh old iatui takn
dat on of the citizens m the northern ,, , , T ; ti,rt t , i , , Mate, in spite of the hi- and civ of " ' ,i,Kn
i holders in thesecra States are no i.i,,, v.,,.i. . i : n . tlie tovernnicnt tiiat will sav to thr
......f. I...!,-.,.. . ... "the .oith. an I is e-ieciallv ide.ir 1 ; -
uau ut u. ii. i oii-i n i.-ib (i, usixnn. Hence, the whole ouestion 1 .. i ..: i i. . . . ..' : ,, ...-..! connai v.
so far as to purchase building lots. as to what lights arc conferred and ,........,.! i
As a citien, who feels a deep inter- j protected is left uiueitam. I or in-j i:ii,. Uliu, rn,,tain. one Miller 1 I ""S f"ru'.f' L"L L J- " f"l?
, f :.. i. .i,,,..,;, nir.li wti, stance, me siaveno ers o irmia w; ! ),,, . . . r i r 11 ' " s w" pioe nnuse a warm
est in the educational allaii.s ol Win-. ..... . n . I ickham, ( coiununaing bug lavoi-, . , . . 1 . t . .
. . .. have the 4i iirht that is to snv t he .... i . . i .. i and rnthuMastie advocate of tho Afn-
j . .inn .i iuiii uoiiig i'usiiic-s mi mc
Bv Dr. 1 V. Kiaer T,r Imfth
ehester, I would make to the citizens, . ,
' 'rgal J
and to the present Township Trustee, w ife, :
and arent and child. In Len
the following suggestions: Kelinguish ; isiana, wc Indieve, the young hihlien
the idea of building the new district : ran not be seperated from their parents
. . . . i t i .i . '
power, .oscperao; mhrann ami Afrirati coast, under the nam? d
IMvis .V Boyd. Tliis Bhode Maul
captain engaged to deliver a
i jui Slave Tin de.
have gone to his aid.
The chills and fever has made its
appearance again in Kansas and a
school hou-e, and whenever the. same
1 In Delaware, if we mistake not, bus-
Not least among the faculties of the j
mind is memory. Memory is tlwat fac
ulty by which weratain a knowledge
good many of the new hcttlers are .sick ; of the past. Like the air w hich w e
with them.
Selling Neurod in Illinoi.
Last Saturdy, a piece of animated
property, called (icorge Bowlin, was
put upon the block at Carrollton,
t ireetHj county, Illinois, and hold to
th highest bidder. His offence was
a violation of the law which prohibits
the immigration of negroes into the
State. I laving been tried and found
guilty, he was lined -SliH; and not be
ing able to pay the money, be wa sold
to Mr. Felix Mot ton for sixteen
months. It does not appear that this
i lot! 41. I. -..1
r I f T 1 ! 1 1 f I '- nineiiuiuii III UWlll.lll lics Illl
Journal ofliviltanapolis, and the Mad-, Mood created any convulsive excite
ison Couricr.a-l other Bepublicaii pa-j nvent Among the philanthropists of
p?r of Indiana, have been talking i our sister State. Cin. Daily Ja.ette.
about this subject and all have favored I What better could be expected
Indianapolis. They have all dtown from that State, when they have over
the probable inllncnccthis Convention 100,01)11 inhabitants over twenty years
would have upon Indiana in moulding l'l that can not read and write? Ig-
her politics for the great battle of 1800.
The Courier insists that it be held at
Indianapolis to counteract the influ
ence of tlrO. S. Probvteriaii General
Assembly which was held there last
winter. The Courier thinks the in-
llucnec of this Assembly was decidedly
Fro-Slavcry. But the suggestion that
a political convention should be held
in any place to counteract the bad in
fluence of a Beligious Assembly cer
tainly contains a greater amount of
.severe criticism than wc usually meet.
However low this may place tho Old
School (ileneral Assembly in the
opinion of the Courier, it certainly
speaks well for the good opinion it has
of the Republican Convention.
It is but just and fair that the next
Convention should bo held in the
We.st in Indiana. Ever rincc the
Buffalo Convention, delegates from
the Western States have been going
to the Kastern Conventions. It would
be nothing but fair, ami a proposition
to which the Kastcrn States can not
object, that this Convention beheld in
the West. Indiana needs tho in
fluence and talents of that Convention
within her borders, more perhaps than
any other State about which there is
doubt in 1 SCO. Wc hope that every
Republican newspaper in Indiana will
insust that this Convention be held at
Indianapolis.
Donplasistn in Unstern Indiana.
We hear of determined efforts being
made to Douglasizc Indiana, but, as
yet, wc bee no signs of it, notwith
standing, tho Hon. Ceo. E. Pugh, of
Ohio, has flooded Indiana with the
Weekly Enquirer.containing Douglas'
speech on Popular Sovereignty in the
Territories, made in the Senate last
wiuter, together with the copious ap
pendix. Still the Democracy of In
diana abuse him. Tho Rushville Jaek
sonian talks savagely to the Emjuircr.
The Richmond Jefl'ersonian in speak
ing of the Democratic candidates for
the Presidency, says:
"The friends of Douglas make more
noise than those of any other candi
date, but we think he is the lea-H likely,
among those prominently named, to
receive the nomination."
The .Tay County Democrat, whose
editor is decidedly the ablest Admin
istration advocate in Eastern Indiana,
defends the Died Scott decision ami
hold that the Southen Slaveholder is
protected in the Territories, with his
slaves, the name as the Northern man's
mules and horses, linds no place in his
paper for any of Douglas's "unfriendly
legislation," and never says a good or
friendly w ord for him.
We have hoard prominent Demo
crats of this place say they would not
support Douglas, that he was a rene
gade, that he deserted the parry in the
time of its great need. No, sir, they
would not vote for him if he got the
nomination. The Douglas party in
the tith and 7th Districts have been
piietly disposed of, and in these dis
tricts were his strong hold. Wc arc
unable to tiud his strength in this por
tion, unless perchance his copyright
mav hold a few.
norance along tin; line of tho Ohio
river, i so thick and black that you
can not see the suioke from tho kteam
boat.s in a clear day. Tho Sun has
hard work to shine in that region.
HorriMe Death Occasioned by
Dritikiui: Whisky innn Die of
Delirium Tremens in Ncttlccreck
Towns hip.
Died at the residence of Jacob Ross
ill Nettlecreek Township, Randolph
county, on the 19th ult., John McMa-!
ban of Delirium Tremens, aged about
-ö years. Mr. McMahan had comple
ted a piece of ditching a few days be
fore his terrible death, for which ho
was paid some money, ami as this is
vi free country he had a right to spend
it for whisky. He was found a few
nights afterwards lying upon the
ground almost naked, with an empty
jug lying by iiis side. He was taken
up ami conveyed to Mr. Ross's where
for a few hours he suffered from con
vulsions and delirium, the most excru
ciating tortures, with occasional inter
mission, when he died.
It is a wonder the scoundrel and
murderer, who sold this man the
whisky, has not made application to
tho Ronrd of Uo-xnty ( 'otomisNUtn-
ers for a license to r-c-t-n-i-I whisk v
bv the d-r-a-m.
m m
Halloo, neighbor, to which branch
of the Democracy do you belong?
Well, friend, to tell the truth, and
to be honest, I hardly know myself.
The bosses have got it no tangled up
that I can't keep the run of it any
longer they used to call it Squatter
Democracy, but now I think they call
it CorvniciiT, or some such a name. ?
But, neighbor, I had hoped that you
would, after awhile, forsake the
"Squatter, Copyright" company and
go with me for Wise or Hunter, or
rather than have a muss kicked up in
our ranks, that you would even go for
Stephens of Georgia.
Well, to come right down and tell
tho truth about the subject, I have
been thinking of it, but it is too late,
for Douglas has taken out a Patent on
all us "Squatters." So you see there
is no getting away from him now.
Shaw, neighbor, you ain't posted at
all. You see, the Patent Ollice is at
Washington and "Old Buck" is the
boss of it, and so Douglas could not
get his patent there. Just wait till
the Charleston Convention is over ah I
the way we will knock the wheels out
of the Douglas Patent won't be slow.
Well, friend, I shall be awful glad
of it. for this way of being Patented
and not permitted to read it unless you
pay them ?v fellers a quarter isn't
fair. I'll be with you just as soon as
you blow up his patent.
i i m
Snd mid Pntnl Accident.
On last Sunday, as John Cotton
and lady were returning from church,
their horse became frightened and ran
away. The buggy came in contact
with a tree awl was torn to pieces,
and Mrs. Cotton instantly killed. Mr.
Cotton did not fare much better.
One thigh-bone and shoulder-blade
were broken and one eye knocked out,
besides being othcrwi.sc seriously hurt.
He was alive up to the latest accounts,
'iliis unfortunate occurrence took place
about one mile South of Poplar Run
meeting house, on Cabin Creek, in
Stonycrcck Township. They were re
spectable colored folks.
W D. I'rnice.
From a notice in the Connersville
Times, we learn that onr friend and
former fellow townsman, W. D. Fra
7.ee, is to deliver a lecture on Ceology.
in Connersville, on next Saturday eve
ning. Mr. Frit zee has devote! much I The Uichurond Eixpiircr says that
of his time to that very important and I "N'o man in Virginia can be found
interesting subject, and his lecture J bold enough, now, to advocate Mr.
will doubtless be instructive. i lK"gl s doctrine through- the pros
or on the hustings."
It further says:
"Ict Mr. Douglas lat essay Tie
published to to the people of tho South
and not one Southern State will con
sent to yield him a single vote at
Charleston. The only danger now is
that "compromise ' wen may slip in,
here and there by sufferance, to mis
represent the will of scattered constit-
.1
uencics, mus creating a ui ision among
Senator Douglas lectured in Co
?nnb, Ohio, on Wednesday even
ing, and this evening in Cincinnati.
From thence lie proceeds to Chica
go, where he expect to arric on
next Saturday.
breathe, it is always needed. No rank
nor condition in life makes it useless.
If it i useless to any one, it is because
such an one is useless to himself and
to all others. It is indispensable to
the prosperity and advancement of tho
race. Duly think what must be the
confused condition of society were this
great lamp suddenly blown out. If
such were the case we might pass
through life,and, as far as regards im
provement, our last day would be the
same as the first.
But a nation cut off from all inter
course with the past, unprofited by ex
ample, incapable of being taught, un
able to treasure up those great truths
pertaining to nations, to national gov
ernment and the means of national
prosperity which Ciod Almighty has
been endeavoring to impress upon the
mind of man for nges past, must, from
necessity, present a condition involv
ing the mobt fearful consequences.
"But, by the power of memory, we
can treasure up the greater part, if not
the w hole of the ideas, notions, reason
ings and perceptions, which wo famil
iarly acquired and render them subser
vient to our future progress in intel
lectual attainments. And it is prob
able that even a human spirit, in the
vigorous exercise of the faculties with
which it is now furnished, may go for
ward, through an interminable dura
tion, making continual accessions to
its stores of knowledge, without losing
one leading idea or portion of infor
mation which it had previously ac
quired." By the use of this faculty
wc arc enabled to grasp the history of
the mighty past, and there read that
wc may be more wise in the future.
In tho World's history arc mapped
out the great sailing charts to individ
ual and national eminence. All that
wc have to do is to observe and heed.
But blot out memory and no longer is
the past an index to the future but all
demonstrations of tho justness and
immutability of God's 1 an a aic render
ed useless.
Memory is also a source of pleasure.
By it power we can step back into our
infant days and live over again the
scenes of innocent childhood. Once
more we are enabled to stand beside
our dear old homes and treasure up the
hallowed associations connected there
with. Each flower that blossomed near the
door, and spread its bal my fragrance
upon the morning air, is again pic
tured in its living beauty. Kvcn the
vcrv hearth-stones, that have so often
echoed the tread of childish feet, are
welcome to those sacred, solemn mu
sings. How pleasant it is, when gathering
gloom crowds thickly around, to wa
ken the remembrance of bright skies
and sunny land!. Their impressions
of beauty rest like the dawn of glory
upon the soul, and wc come forth with
our spiritual being more elevated and
refined.
But our greatest enjoyment comes
with the remembrance of virtuous ac
tion. The mind loves to think of the
past, and can reap pleasure only where
virtuous deeds aic sown. All our be
nevolent deeds serve to kindle the
light of joy in the soul and make our
future years blighter and happier as
we go on in well-doing. 'Tis joy, aye
more, 'tis Christian comfort to awaken
tho thought of goodly deeds, in mercy
sown, is the very gems in the crown of
our rejoicing. 'Tis good to let the
virtuous associations of a liberal life
open to our view, for then we begin to
reap the reward of virtuous action.
"Ah! wliv should Virtue fear the frowrn?
of Fate?
Iltr'j wh;it no wealth can buy, no power
create !
A little world of e'ear and cloudle d.ij,
Nor wrecked bv storms, nor mouldered bv
drear.
A world, with Memory's ceaselcs sunshine
blest,
Tlic home uf HappiHC.., au honct breast."
V
1
The friends of Stephen A. Douglas
arc beginning to agitate the question
of abolishing the two thirds rule in the
Charleston Convention. This is re
garded as an evidence that his pros
pects for the nomination arc any thing
bnrtdv md wive ein tc.t l.i titirr.ttr.l
can be done, sell the present disti id ; ,iy th(, tlljMer. anil slaves can not' be
house in the south part of town, and j sod out of the Ifnte.
with the money, to be expended in the j In a great mnjoiity of the slnve
erection of the new house, as well as" , Stc nroc are not permitted by
A, . . e . t , law to read and write; wdiile in a few
that arising lrom the sale of the old i f ... ,
. j of them the privilege is allowed.
one, together with such donations as : $ovAmYi lnMli Ending Mr. Toomh.
the citizens may make, erect a suita-' of Georgia, have dieussed the iro-
By Dr. C .1. IVentihs Tie Jfriu
Sttrr Truth M.iv the re-oi.rnii- i,f
ceitai!! , , , , . , , , n ..
wni -it re lu'.imiy weico'.u'M i.y all
oithein men.
caigoofium. tohaeco. and eoid.i-'e
( i i i i ;routiieni men.
Are., to Lewis it Boyd. i:i exchange! . .
lor whn-li they i.rMnised to furnish - . . M. . .... -
i i i . ',e .ifitcitn .utrc treue i in .
Inni w ith 'eight v fiiir and merchant- , . ., , . . ,.
.,.?,,..,, , ' Vi . r plus iiltia it Nn;tlu'n poncv Mav
aple negioes. i he Lxammer ai-r- 1 ' . .
ted in a to.n of tiiumoh. that "! hee j V"r 'IT"te,s m...,i teem with tho
slaves were landed, awl u i NN !'lV!"; ' ;;!r, A
:,::.- i i . i c .i ; and mav th- huol.ub of their irc
itali. iMng the latter clau-c of the ; sen- , , . tit
. , , ' e. -hoed and re-echoed to t h mountains,
The following is a copy of the 'h-
t his agiccmcnf , cr.tcT-
valleys and verdant glade of our 'l'ar
West.'
irre 'meut:
hie building lor a graded school. AI- priory oi sun inrtner ameliorations; i ,vi into with .'.ip. Virkh.,m. of the T. . , , ,
mo.st every county-seat in the State, ""'I, l Imposed to confine j i g lUul ite, tum Bhode Maud, of ! , " .i
i" 1 1 the slaves to th- soil on which thev ih.. .. ,,1lt M , I -wis ( i ? V, A S,XI"'M mvM ,,axo ln,,rn'
possessinganyedu-ation.il spirit, has , ... .r ; . is. i.om.s a t utteilv hnooiU fr tho t
. J, . i .1 i- art'1,orn' lo Inhibit and punish the nVl of a,-. 'oat Vile, on the i , , 1 i t l i i . I
long s.ueo abandoned th district ration of families, to authorize oth.T rait WitiK-ssclh that tip vai.l ilo.i ti.o wind- uoilJ. nn I tli
school plan, and established the g.a- and encourage ed.uatiou. to legalize Wk-kham hath bartered and agreed . ! ri'vVl'l JrVr: Ä,;,, TlT
ded school where all the youth can be maning,, and to authorize slaves to all,j wila L,Mvi ,5oVi, fr ! " " "
1 sr-..i ....l .1 1.,.- .i: hold property. It is- competent for ih,, whole of ih, ,.,r f l.ri.r' i':-?". younnxeene-
..OV.V.- - " r ...i ..I.. -r m ( m,,.. iu van ,jot e-cai'e mem v
..f .1. . r "'. "Uv; " 'J'"oovin i.-uca to ! 1-ayorite. consist Hi" o irm. In h.vd. ! t , i-'i
- o i ,tiin -m'i. 'in, ir 1 1 1 1 ii
I i s. - -
but flattering.
The Mundo Free Press says,
that the brick work of the new jail j
building in that place is complctcd.and ; ontuem delegates to result in an en-
jthat the other depaitmcnts of the work j tiJe disnicmbci incut of the Democratic
u proreiiug rapi.lly. paity."
'liiere is an Artesian well in
Louisville, Kentucky, -,ÖSß feet leep.
Three years were occupied in boring it.
By touching some of the screws about
the machinery, it throws a stream of
water ll0 feet above the pipe.
-m Hi
Wc regret to learn that tho Bcv.
J. B. Harrison of Xcw Haven, Allen
Co., Ind., is in very poor health.
teachers.
The Bichtnond graded school some
time since numbered near seven hun
dred pupils. And could our citizens
see such a one built here, I know
many of them would contribute liber
ally towards the expenses of such a
building
What is there, but our apathy on
the subject of schools, to prevent us
from having stidi a school in Winches-
ter? Let us bear from others on this
interesting question. B.
i m
A Mass Convention of the Cicn-
tiles of Utah was held at Fail field, near
Camp Floyd, on July tho 'Jo. The
Mormons with their customs and laws
were denounced in unmeasured terms,
and a full Anti-Mormon ticket was
nominated, to be voted for at the com
ing election, as follows:
For delegate to Congress Dr. Gar
land Hunt.
For Council Win. II. Lent, John
Bigler.
For Representative C. Mills,
C. W. Crocker, 1. M. Wallace.
For Sheriff O. P. Thomas.
We have only room for a few of the
resolutions passed by the meeting:
Jicsolrcd, That we hold the Mor
mon people for the bloo l"of American
citizens so wantonly shed upon Amer
ican soil, so long as the real perpetra
tors, aiders and abettors, are protected
by them from the just penalties of the
law.
Jicsolrcd, That Polygamy is an
abomination in the sight of Ciod a vi
olation of the laws of nature, tending
to degenerate and sensualize our race
a crime punishable bv law in every
State in the Union, and should not be
tolerated in the Territories.
Resolved, That wo deplore the ne
cessity that existed for the servaneeof
Kirk Anderson, Esq., from The Val
ley Tan newspaper. That we appre
ciate his efforts in our behalf, and that
our regards will ever follow him.
Jiesolrcl, That we heartily endorse
the .sentiments expressed by the Hon.
James S. Green, of Mo., in a recent
speech delivered by him at Jefferson
Citv, relative to Utah Affairs.
The Administration nnd Houston.
Occasional' writes to the Philadel
phia Press:
The steadv conrsc of Mr. Buch
anan and the Constitution in support
of Gen. Sam. Houston as the Demo
cratic candidate for President in 18(10
has awakened intense indignation in
the South, and I am assured by some
of Mr. SlidellVs friends that he feels
personally affronted at the public and
persistent manner in which Mr. Buch
anan insists upon getting down upon
his knees to a man who opposed him
in 18.")0, and who joined the American
order in 1854. I am not now speak
ing against Sam. Houston for him I
have great personal respect; but it is a
fact, that nowhere in the Southern
country are the leaders of the Demo
cratie party more hostile to him than
in the State of Louisiana. They re
gard him as the embodiment of in
tensilied humbug, and are opposed to
him because he is opposed to the Dem
ocratic party.'
. e .
Important from Italy.
Tuscany and Modena hayc decreed,
through their Assemblies, the banish
ment of the Austrian Dukes and for
mally voted in favor of annexation to
Sardinia. This is an important move
ment. Happening at it does during
the .sitting of the Zuri.h Conference,
and conclusively settling the point,
that the fugitive Dukes can only be re
stored by armed intervention, this
event will have a decisive inlluence on
the pending negotiations. None of the
leading powers, save Austria, will
think of the interference, while each
of the others (including Trance) will
surely resist any such attempt, after so
clear an expression of the Italian peo
ple. The peace of Villafranca may
turn out, after all, quite otherwise than
was first anticipated. Cin. Gazette
Significant Change of .me.
The history of the democratic party
can be read in the names of its chief
organ. At first it was the "Globe,"
and concerned itself with the welfare
of universal humanity. Then it be
came the "Union," and devoted itself
only to the United States. Now it is
the "Constitution," which is o inter
preted as to leave more than half the
country out of the consideration of the
government. Its next name will
probably be tho "Administration,"
when it will have to make but one
more change to become extinct, like
iis namesake. Boston Traveler.
adopt all these reforms, while other
States may adhere to their present
larharoits codes.
Xow, the question is, what sort v(
Slavery docß thv Constitution protect
in the Territories? Does, it protect
Delaware Slavery, which denies the
master privilege of exporting his
slaves beyond the State limits? Does
the Constitution rc-cnslave the slaves
of Delaware, who, under the laws of
that State, are forfeited the moment
they are carried beyond the State
limits?
Does the Constitution annul the
marriage tie, which the laws of Lou
isiana and South Carolina may some
lay make legal? Docs it authorize
the negro to he whipped for rending
tho Bible, who was permitted by law
to read it in his native State?
We trust that the champions of
Constitutional Slavery in the Ten i
tories will undertake to answer these
questions.
Which of the slave codes is the
Constitutional one? Is it the mild
est, or the most barbarous? Na
tional Kra.
a .
A Convention of the Democratic
party, says The Port Gibson Rev
eille, of Clairborno County, Miss.,
pursuant to a call, mvt in the Town
of Port Gibson on Monday the 8th
inst. Among the resolutions adopted
was tho following:
"Besolved, That we deem it due to
axact justice, equal rights and sound
policy, to declare as the voice of this
meeting, that so much of the 2'.Uh ar
ticle of the 7th section of the revised
code of the State as declare against the
legal right, and forbids the bringing
into this State of slaves from beyond
the limits of the United States, under
the penalty of 81,000, ought to be ex
punged the statutes; and regarding
the said enactment as an indoisment
of federal Usurpation, as a reflection
upon the institution of Slavery, ami
as being contrary to sound Southern
policy, wc do further declare it to be
the sense of this meeting that the
Legislature of this State ought to re
peal said enactment at its next regu
lar session."
in-
v
gain to
haiter away honor and integrity, an l
divert yourself of moral courage tr
gain nothing. Better abide by th
truth frown down all opposition,
and rejoice in the feeling w hu h mtit
inspire a lie au I indrpendrnt man.
Nciu Vöucrüöcmcntö.
four feet and four inches, or upwards.
and the customary propoition being CJILirVfaM Ol? E'1I.12.
observed, via., two-tnmls males, and I .1 T isy ('"" -''I. lr.-n.)
one-third females. j T V a-'ci.itnMitli in the .Notion,
is further agreed between said ,,,,. :l Iaim,,',r f war ..-m.i..ii p! J..lltl
j ame.s tnai u any oi the annexed llidh imin', and n.ere mnith at M
coruaire. provisions, ive.. a.- i er
voice annexed, Amounting to 7,lo"
dollars and forty-eight cents, for
which cargo and amount said L;wis
it Boyd baigain and agree to pay said
Wickham eighty fail and merchanta
ble negroes, on or before the expiration
of seven weeks from the above date.
The height of each negro to b1
cargo should appear delieient when
landed, that a deduction of ."0 per
cent, shall he made on each article or
ai tides that may so appe ir; and should
on the other hand, any article or ar
ticles be delivered to Messrs. Lewis
it Boyd over and above what is rep
resented and speciheti in the annexed
sniil
nine
invoice, wo agree to pay the
Wickham 50 per cent, on the
that may be so delivered.
Mu.i.i:n V. Wickham,
Pium i!' Lr.wis,
John Bovo.
The Examiner states, in addition,
that "the large planters made no ob
jection to the landing of the negroes, '
and "that, as a general thing, they
were purchasers." The cargo taken
out by the Favorite consisted of the
following articles:
"Sixty hogsheads of Xew Ungland
rum, two hogsheads of tobacco, seven
barrels of gin, twenty barrels of llour,
fifteen coils of rope, etc., tc, the in
voice taking up nearly two pages of
foolscap."
IYenth of Ilx-Coveriior Wallace.
The intelligence this morning that
Ux-Govcrnor David Wallace had died i lowest price?, the following
(.mi ll-..) Tin- in fi j in ij t J U C' r-
M P J. COFK.MA.N .v CO.
Notions. Kills iiiidCiips.
COFFMAN, WINDER &amp; CO.
I us-ft and Wholesale Dialer in
FOIii;i!iXÄ'l)lH!ESTlC.'TIO.S,
'il&amp;ifö MID SiYi'ä,
CrEovc. Hosacry,
Vive-Works,
I-'ancv Ca ii tlic,
Toys,
ENu'krl Cutlery,
etc. etc.
. 3"Jl TiiiRt Strti'Ti
North Hilf, n.j.:sitc the Town OI K , lr t.
Kticis! y, Mclutire A. C.'f and Main vt.,
DAYTON, OHIO.
i. n. winnrt.
t. otiiotri.
Ti: h.wi: jtst ki;cj:i i:i
and have for sale, at the
last night, about 1J o'clock, at his res
idence in this city, was received with
astonishment and nnnsnal regret.
He had, on Saturday night, jtivt
closed his term of Court, and seemed
to be in perfect good health. A few
moments before his death, in conver
sation with his wife, he remarked that
he would be compelled to go to Frank
lin, on business, in a few days. Hbo
a-ked him how long he would be gone.
He tlM not reply. Death had
scaled his lips forever.
In this most sudden and unexpected
death a family has lost a good bus
baml, father ami protector, and com
munity one of its very best an 1 most
respected memi-ers. Ao man ever
finest imied flu l'.onstv niiil-rlit.
it woiil.l produce any great excitement UQ ., of IinnM,M, nIllI .," ..a" ()f
i
A Hie H Sem.. A few weeks since
a statement went the rounds of the
papers, that n wide-awake chap act
ually walked across or through the
rapids of Niagara on stilts, and thus
won a thousand dollars wager. It af
forded some amusement to people thu
side of the Atlantic, but few supposed ,
. t l i it j
in the old world. r?ome oi our news
dealers, a few days ago, received the
London Illustrated Xews. in which
this astonishing feat of tstilt-walking
is illustrated to life. Xot only is full
credence clearly given to the entire
story, but the bold stilt-walker is rep
resented midway in the rapids, mak
ing gallant strides for tho other shore.
Hosts of excited people crowd the
banks upon both sides of tho river,
and tho foaming waters make their
feaiful plunge a short distance below.
The accompanying accounts gravely
heart of David Wallace.
lis Dailv Atlas.
o
-Iudianapo-
Full ant!
Winter
1) doz. Wool and Cotton Coat;
3"H) dor. Woolen I ry ;
led Jo. Woolen Comforts;
."' 0 t.z. Woo ( JoVCs;
D-d doz. Wool Shirt and Drawers;
JC0 doz. assorted Uuck (Slows;
100 do, assort! d Ihsck .Mittir.;
1H:) d(Z. new st Irs (I junllct? ;
l'iir I.fdg r H it;
Wcol Ldk-rr II.it:;;
C.i ps, all , f..r the Iloii-ln v;
A full ftoek d'Ti;.-, !uej Candies and
Firei rk'.
COFrJIAK, WINBEPw &amp; CO.
I'll Tiiiro .St., Davton, o.
? r AS just reeivil and
I i -i ll'- a ne and tarieil ;i
now ofTi rs for
;isol trnetit ol'
A Haunted House.
Speaking of ghosts-, I have hear.l '
that, jsomi years ago, there was a lone j
hotic nobody would ever take because ;V";:-t,n7 in.I"rt ;'r -T ,'tt-;lT-r-"
, T , i . kin;. s an I i u i .-i; I); t s, (. oat?, both fine and
jt was haunted, and strange noises ,!S1.rfi,lC. ,.;5Ilt. au x V(.R.?t Kn,l)Millw.
heard in it every night alter daik; ! l. r vn m-U ts tb.ui h-jh r l fore ..:rind
several tenants tried it, but wese tins ir.arktt. Al.-o, a large lot of
frightened away by the noise. At
state that the stilt-walker actually i one individual, more courageous
reached the Canada shore in salety, j -it imun iu um.iu-i u"- ECOTS S2t3lOIES
in niisici . lie accoidingiy aiiuc'i
Krncly Saclt' Shirts.
I It ive al?u u fine a.-.-ortin lit of
and "fell into tho arms of two of his
companions, wlko were tremblingly
awaiting there to receive him." It clo
t.c.s with the insinuating question: "Is
there not a great deal in the world
more worthy the ambition even of an
American Merry Andrew?" Free
South.
...- T . I . .1 I . I I
1 . If - , ., i i , . . i" .rii.iuv ymc. in in im. li k i, w nn ii are
h ins'dt caj)-a-jie, and having ut out , ' . , ; r . ,, , , . , , -
. ' ! m ule out ol cxcdiint in-t tr rial and in su
the light, remained sentry in one of ; p(r;,,r stlc. And linn my
the rooms. Shortly h2 h-anl on the j stocU of Ullis ami Caps
stairs, pit pat; a full top. then pit-; u Utt.f ,Hrf.ct frill!, VhUMU:l, ;
pat; a lull stp again, lhe noise C U1 r.irt iir-..ii;.- iu tl.r-e rtit!,..
was repeated several times, as though j j addition to the abotc full ..toik.I haxc
some creature, ghost or no ghot, was . a full Miply of
coining up tairs. At lat the thing. ' Actions V t'ailCV Artlflrs
a . i t
Mr.Tull, and veral of his neigh- whatever it was came clos.j to the' .j, a, Handk.r.l.I.f., (s:v,. Mitter.,,
Ii r" t t .1 . .....
bors from .Scotland and Knox conn- uoor OI 1,1 - room wnerc the sentry rorimom. s, t..nj(t-, Twrk-J ?, und n
tics, Mo., lately visited Salem, in was plawl and listening. Ins heart, jjrwt varuty I other attidw too udiu
' - . i.:..i 1. t ..: . .... .1. .. ' mmhih r..te.
faster than it was wont to do. HojCnll a( .Chirr's oil! aII(!,
lung open the door hurry skuny ' r.at f L,urt ilousr, iuchetrt Ind.,
bang; some tiling went down stairs I 'rc you c.m .-ee and know fr iourM r
with a tiemendous jump, and all over Vifl vV-1""' V ?" 1 cl'n 'l ' "
. ,., ,J l. . ot L')TiII.( c. tr L lore cr.crtd in ti.i
tue boitom oi me nou-e in tue great- ,nrirlt
Iowa, which had but one hundred
thousand population in 1?40, has now
fix hundred thousand, an unparalleled
iu'.ueasc.
Iowa, for the purpose of recovering a
negro woman who hal escaped fiom
Mr. T. feonie two years ago. The
woman was found, but a question of
identity was raised. Mr. T. offered to
identify her by a Rear on one of her
arm!, and was proceeding to expose
her aim for the purpose. This so
.shocked the modesty of innocents in
Salem whose wives and daughters
all go bare-armed that they resented
the proposition as an insult. They
fell upon Mr. T. and his party, hur
ried them before a justice, got them
adjudged guilty of kidnapping, or at
tempting it, and finally hell in bonds
of 80,000 a-piccc not to lay hands on
another persou in the place, white or
black, man or woman. The person
so treated arc among the most respcta
ble in Knox and Scotland counties,
and their friends and neighbors feel
incensed at the outrage.
. -
Lvnchixo. George Klink, whose
inhuman treatment of his little child
wc mentioned a few days since, wa-
taken from his residence on Tuesday
night by a number of men. none of
whom he was able to recognize: taken
to an alley in the neighborhood where
he was gagged and his hands tied, af
ter which a hundred lashes from a
rope's end were administered to him.
He was then released with the admo
nition that if he further mistreated his
child ho would be hanged without a
.i P-
DAVID IIA RN I'M.
est confusion, as of thousands of de-
mons rushing in all directions, was
heard. This was enough for one
night. The next night our crafty Pfi'nCt 2CI EHtChCl'S
sentry established himself on the first j
landing, with a heap of straw and a
f I HJI i::i.!fr.sinc , r id!iij In WlntlHi
I Ur, lid., like thiy rrntVd filiform-in-tie
f.ul.he tl. it t'ifrr nre PR ACTICAL
Dl TCmiKS, an rrnd'v :t 11 tili: to !
; st.r thinr? in th.it line on verr rciouaM
box oflucifer matches; soon all was
quiet. lp the stairs again came the
pit-pat pit-pal. "When the noise was
v .'v m t . - . lt,'fI
match, and set fire to his straw, whu h J Work warranted lo i'wc satisfaction, au l
blazed up like a bonfiic in an instant; ; done in t?c ei'-kf .-t j-.--;LIe sjrd.
and what did he see? only a rabbit, j rlUffn uUu.U; J, Crö. W.
who stood on his hind legs, as much , M';' ?)OYI.i: L SHERMAN.
astonished as was the sentrv! Iloth - -
man and beHt having mutually in- ! M2lrifr.S SclIC
spected each ether, the biped hurled j OY, irtue of an execution to me din ct-
a sword at the quadruped, who di
lnou the I'jnd.'Ij h Circuit (Tourt,
No man can tell whether he ii
rich or poor by turning to his ledger.
It is the heart that makes a man
rich. He is rich or poor according judge or jury. The punishment le
to what he is, uot according to what 'served, whatever may be thought of its
be has. i legality. Lafayette Journal,
appeared down Mairs qui. ker than.1 ' M"- :t ihr court hw
, 11 riM . . . 1 ! or. in W ii t !itT, Ilan t.l:.l C"ir.tv, Inj.,
he came up. lhe noise made was only on thrlitUy of q.tUnr, 1 ttt n
the rabbit s fore and hind legs hitting : ,ilt. i,u? 0f io0Vlofk A. M. and i .'c!o-k
the boards as he hopped from one stair t V. M. of sM b-u , the in r al c-taf fc
to the other. The rabbits had got Xitnatcd in Relr '.Co.. Indiana.toT.it:
..Ii r .. I . . .n . ' I1 lein a nait of iii-!ot i:utn' r two, m
into the house from the ne.ghboMUg ir tJ of tll(. tuHll of Wir.cli r.
I A T 1 I . . 1 J - .L,..-.l' - 4
tu
ti antalion. an i na i iairiy irintene i l....;,,. i',a .. hi,..-.i r..mrM
awav, by their nocturnal wanderings, int. tfu-nee runnin-; fou.h A v? the alle
I:..l.".r.,1 . 1...rtr 'PI,,. isivtv fut. thtlite tat tit.t -ii;ut ft it t
. lira ftile, tlifuct torth i t v i t (t tro
courageous wntiy vas rewarded for;Mrfft j . .kr.
his vigil, for i2 held bis tongue as tojtHUC uv.t t t,v j.i.ue Lrpiioiaig.
the cause of the ghost. He got the j ctiutaud tu contain -i vt u l uncnd aul
house at a reduced tent, and several ;s'-:htv ft ,f(UrnfWWu"
i i i i r .1 i . ' Executed n tlic J r m rt o Jtc v a v,
capital rabbit pies ma le of the ghosts oS-.., ,,.1 Wn.d.rt.
b.dies into the bargain. I Uuckbud ' WM. M- C AMITd'I.b,
Cuiiooiticä of Xatmad Hi-tory,
tin:!! U. C.