1 t . , T
MillTHUJi, VINTON; COUNTY, UO, SEPTEMBER 13, 18C0.
VOL. 9.
JMdfew democrat.
..
Published every thuesdatbi
ALEX. PEARCE.
FFICE-1N BRATTOK'8 HEW.BulImNQ
TWO DOOK8 EAST OP THE COUBT
HOUSE, IT'STAIKS.' "
1 TK lOI iT6 F 1' UBL I CATION.
One copy onoyjnr.ln advance,
1,60
2.00
if paid uitor bix moutta.
(Mubsof ton now Riibcribcra to 1 T. 0." 10,00
Tlio monoy must invurlubW nocorananv tlia
ordurs from Clubs. - J
. ISTNo pnpor will be discontinued tinlll all
arrenrof;eiiare puid up.unluaaut tho option oftlie
i-unitanor.
When the pnpor Is not ordered to bo diccon
tiuuodat tho end of the year Jt will bo continued.
" TERMS OFAHVEIITISING.
Oj; Square (10 hno 8 ipjortjoni ,;.. fl,00
i.icU additional insertion " 88
3 MONTHS. 6 U0KTT1I.' 12 koNTHi
Ono Hanaro t-OO fS.OO 8,no
Two (luiiurea ' 6.00 8,00 .
Throo do. 7.P0 10.00 ' JS.OO
V column 10,00 15.00 80.00
14 cidtimn 13,01) 80.00 .,20,00
Ail rulo anil flgnro work will ho chu .yd orus
k;iu mnru tlmn tho abovorati'K.
SnuoJ notlcoa will be charged double the
Curt Vliyslcinajs Lnwvorfl, orothorR, con
tuinitf - lhicH.or Iobh .VU0 per annum.
Obit,, . y noticos exceeding 11 vo liuCBwill bo
eunr;nit nan price.
lTNoticos of all kinds for the bonetlt of pri
va to imlivi. Inula, chiirpod at U:e initial mteg.
Political.
A Mulatto Millennium.
York, an aruondmeut to tho Stato
Constitution is to bo submitted for
popular doc'ision, which authorizes
uuivcrsal negro suffrage. Two Clack
Kepublican legislatures have con
curred in recommending this negro
equality measure, and now that party
in New York nro being urged by their
party organs, under lend of iho Trib
une, to give tho amendment their sap
port. Some days ago the Journal had
a loose attempt to shufllo ofl' tho res
ponsibility of 6uoh .movement from
Republicanism. Mr. Lincoln's
speeches all proclaim tho "good time
coming," when negroes and white
men ahull form a common social and
political brotherhood, and it is meet
that his loading Organ in tho .Union
uhauld steer the way in tho "Empire
State," for ntgro equality. "There
tire but few of them," Greeley 8,ays,
and why not let them have equal
privileges with white men! We shull
liavo tho 6&amp;mo coutost in this State
next year. Mark it. Give Black
Republicans the power, and they
will sparo no effort to reach that "prac
tical equality of all men," which Mr.
Lincoln tells us is tho great "central
.idea" to bo ''labored for." Success
ful, we shall have the nigger at the'
polls, tho nigger on tho juries, the
.nigger in the legislature, in our public
offices, and, with political power, it is
hut one Btop, with those wbo think
with them, to concede them that so
cial posiliou which will realize the
"central idea" of a common mulatto
doiii. !
This is the "good time coming," to
be "constantly labored for" the mil
lennium of Lincolnism. This is the
feast to which white men are invitod,
in the name of God End the Declara
t ion of Independence. White
a
Illinois State Register.
Lux ' this Children Sleep. We
earnestly advise that all who think a
great deal, who have infirm health,
who are in trouble, or who have to
work hard, to take all the sleep they
can get without medical means.
We caution parents, particularly,
not to allow their children to be wak
A'd up of mornings let nature wake
them up, Bho will not do it premature
ly; hut have a care that they go to bed
nt an early hour; let it bo earlier and
earlier, until it is found that they wake
up themselves in full time to dreea for
breakfast. Being waked up early,
and allowed to difficult or any studies
late, and just boforo retiring, has giv
en many a beautiful and promising
cuua mo Drain lever, or determined
ordinary ailments to the production of
water on tho brain. .
Lot parents make ' every possible
eflort to have their children go to
sleep in a pleasant liumor. ' Never
scold or give lectures, or in any wav
wound a child's feelings as it goes to
cea. JLct ail banich bnsiness and ev
ery worldly cara at bedtime, and let
sleep come1 to a mind at peace with
uoa ana an the world.
DCPIn a late speech. Senator Green.
of Missouri, who is one ol tho leadors
oi tue Breckinridge party, said:
"Between Mr. Douglas and mvanlf
however, thero is. a vital question of
jiriuuipitB w ue cousiaereu; out I lee!
confident that before the middle ofOc
tober a condition of things' will occur
to induce all to unita as a band of
brothers upon the man best calculated
to boat back the ; Vandal- hordes of
Black-Republicanisin; to do which, if
if .null) l. L. - 1-1 It r .
i wuiu vuit uo uccuinpusuea oy Bucu
Bacrffice, I would willingly vo(o for
Mr. Douglas or Mr. Bell, widely as I
differ, from them on some' important
questions of political policy.". t. - ., i
ZALESKI, Sept. 3, 1860.
Mb. Editor:- In the Journal of
tho 30 ult after some lauditory re-
marks pn Speaker, size of
anu town, an ol which are magnified
to tho utmost,' .Mr. ..'IW' declares
tbat it was concluBivcJv ehown that
I Popular Sovereignty 'did not porno
into this canvass at all," that ,!it waB
shown by extracts from the decision
in the Dred Scott case that the Su
preme f ourt had decided that slaves
wcro property, jfcc," that "Congress
wae bound to prot.oct the slaveholder's
right to his property," and asks 'what
riyli'Laye the people of tho Terrjto
t'f MegislAii ahont tha'fnatfer at
t - 'i 'Tho Supreme Court hasde
t. a tho question for them." With
r ird to tho first assertion of "Pro,"
it would lo well lor his party if it were
true; bnt it is not. Tho great Lattlo
cry is shall tho people of State and
Territory bo leftporfecty frco to regu
late and have their own domestic in
stitutions. The only effort the Re
publican party is making, that Con
gress may tafco lroi. organised Ter
ritories tho power of Eoverninir them-
eelves, ,anJ rule oyor them as it
pleases. As to tho second assertion
of his. tho Supremo Court has said
nothing more than is expressly de
clared in tho Constitution, and his
third assertion ' "That the Supremo
Court has decided the question for
mem," is without lonndation in truth.
Tho .court never made such a decision.
nor was tho question of Territorial
power bcl'oro them. Wo .believe tho
Supreme Court decided as follows:
1st, "That a negro, tho descendant of
an Aincan.a slave ,at the adoption of
the Constitution, is not a citizen of the
U. B." 2ud, "That Congress has no
authority to prohibit -slavery in the
territories of tho !! S." 3d. "That
when a slave owner takes slaves into
free Territory, and returns with
them into a slave State, their status
depends npon tho laws of that State."
Ia there any thing in this that war
rants tho conclusion? I thinV not.
How then was it "proveu conclusive-
y?" Undoubtedly by garbled ex
tracts, and forced conclusions from iso-
ated opinions ol the Court.' Let our
readers .get tho opinjqn of the .Court,
and .examine for themsulvcB. and 1
think they will not como to such il-
ogical conclusions; but, perhaps.
aside from argument, tho opinions oi
tho lion, lweverciy Johnson, a legal
gentleman of great enuuonce, will,
with sensible men, outweigh those of
host of political peddlers who6o
business is to distort and misrepresent.
Thia gyntlcman .says: '.'Having
argued tho .case twice, as the friend of
tho South, and bestowed upon all
questions it inyolved tho most careful
study I could, I etato with perfect
confidence that tho question was not
only not decided ly tAe Court, hut
teas neither arguttl nor in anv wav
presented for decision. The Binlo
inquiry in this connection was, had
Congress tho power Jto prohibit' sla
very in a Territory?" "When organ
ized into a government, what' tho Ter
ritorial Legislature could do was not
boforo tho Court', directly ,or indirect
ly." Voters of Yiutou, whoso' opin
ion should have most weight with
you,, that (of tho trickster on the
dump, whose sole object ia to gt-t your
voto or this af Mr. Johnson, who lias
every right to understand tho ex
pressed the opinion of the Court?
Do you fool like supporting that party,
which under the pretence of giving
liberty to tho black man, would deny
to your brethren the liberty of1 making
their own laws while living as citizens
of an organized Territory 1 Does the
citizen ot a icrritory, who shortly
beforo helped make his own local laws
and acted a part with other freemen
in regulatirig tjieir own concerns to
suit themselves, become so deprived
of reason, 8eusor feeling, necessity
and all tjiat pertains to , .seli'go.vcrn
ment, as to require a mastertbat may
rulo over him as a tyrant? Arid this
in violation of the Constitution aa ci
pounded by the Supremo Corirtj touch
ing the right to legislate upon slavery.
Re.member, it says .Congress Las no
right to legislate upon the subject;
but, undoubtedly, the power to act
upon slavery exists somewhere, and if
Congress has not Ibe power, the Ter
ritofial Legislature must have. : jn
this country tho right to goverii comes
from those who are goydrccd, and not
from those who govern; consequently,
it should be the righi of every commu.
nity of peopU who' are governed' to
say how they will be governed: and
as far as it concerns thompeiyes, here
should be no interference. , This pe
culiar privilege, the Colonies deman-
ded of England, but it was denied
them,' and the loner and blood? war
tbat followed tails eloquently the taI-
ne they placed upon liberty and non
mterrention. In conclusion, let everv i
freeman rally around the man,: Doug-
las," who has . bo nobly.' contended for '
'rces of political parties, and in next
Nvomh', show t how yon estimate
audienco,,.tl!.PriviIcf!e Pf Relf goverpment, bv
this sacred rightagainM t!i, ctiihined
LEX.
Judge Douglas—An Incident in
His Life.
Tho following incident in the life of
Mr. Douglas will servo to illustrate a
prominent trait in his character:
In the' year 1846, the excitement
against tho Mormons At Nau voo reach
ed Us height.' The people pf tho sur
rounding country ote.rmined to dri ve
t h era "a w ay'.' " : Tho ' 6f vuiTi WM e? ui m el
to defend ! themselves, .'A; civil war
seemed limument. Juov. Ford des-'
patched aieimeut to put down butli
bollii-erents. 'The retutiieut. cjiibist-"
ing uf four, hundred aud fifty men,
was under the command of Col. John
i. iiirucji, uieoiu political opponent
but warm personal friend of Mr
Douglas, who held tho post of Major.
As the littlo tody of .' troops ap
proached Nativoo, thoy saw the Mor
mons, four thousand strong, drawn
up to opposo their ad vanc,o. . Every
man ,of lhem vaa kuowu to bo armed
with a u6eyen shfotur and a brace of
Colt's revolvers" twenty -one shots to
a man, besides a bowe kuifo. Har
den halted his corps jist out of rille
.ran go aid addressed them:
"There are tho Mormons, fen to
one . against us. " I intend : to attack
them. If there is a coward here who
wishes to go homo, ho may do so now.
Let. any man who wishes togo step in
front." .
Not a' man came forward.
".Thero wero, I dare say," Bays Mr.
Douglas, just four hundred and fifty
one of us, .including our ClpneCwho
would havo been glad to have retired;
but not' ono of us had the conrago.to
own that ho was a.coward." ' , ,
"Major DougliiB," said th,o, Colonel
"will take ono huudreu meu. proceed
,to Naiv.v.00, arrest the twelyo apostles,
and bring them here. " . ,
41 Col. JJardeiij" asked tho Major
quieny, so iiat.no oue eisu heard, "is
this a peremptory order?''
" "iti's." ;: f4.
".i,hen 1 6liajl mako .an .attempt, to
execute it. put 1 ciyoyou warning,
not a man of us 'will tve'r retnru."
"The apostles mns,t bo taken, Maj.
potiglas, replied tho ,Colonel.
".Very well, Colonel. It yon sond
mo aloue you will bo much more like
ly to get them."
"But you will lose your life."
"I will tako tho responsibility If
you 6ond mo alone I will pledge my-
sell to rench tho city. As to bringing
in the twelvo, or getting back myself,
that ia quite another question. ' 1 will
try." " ' '
"Major Doughs," $aid tho Colo
nel, after reflecting. a few moments,
will proceed' to Nauvoo, taking such
escort a.B ho sees nt."
Iho order was, hardly giyeu when
tho littfo Major Jfr he was not then
a "Littlo Giant" dashed off at hill
6ied and alone. As ho approached
tho mormon legions, oen Wells came
forward to meet him, aud after a brief
conversation, escorted him through
tho lollow square ot troops into the
city. Ho was not long in finding
Britain and .the twelvo. All .91
them were old acquaintances ot his
Most of them had, in fact, been before
him tor trial, as Judge, upon some
chargo or other. . .
Tho Judge is famous for his taking
mauners; and in a yorv brief time ho
succeeueu in inuueing uriguam aud
his associates to accompany him.
They all packed themselves into the
L"apo8toho coach," -drawn by eight
horscB, and presented themselves in
tho camp.
Tho fighting was postponed, and
negotiations for tho removal of tho
Mormons were entered upon. Judge
Douglas being chief negotiator on one
side, Brigham himself said bnt httie;
and at length said ho would go out for
awhile, directing his associates to set
tle tho terms. . Tbea'a were soon in
formally agreed to by the twelve, and
they were .committed to paper!
i .Brigham returned, and asked how
matters had been settled. lie wa3
told that everything had been settled.
"Let me look at the terms," said
Brigham, quietly.
He read' them over hastily.
"I'll never, agteo to them, nev.erl"
jet exciaiQ)ea; t .. , -
1 . -.--1- 1 i'- .
lhe vote was formally put, and the
whole , .twelve, without a - dissenting
Voice, . declared against them; though
they had aa .unanimously- accepted
tbem no fiye mirm before. ' '
The negotiations were then renewed
between Brigham , and , Douglas.
New terms were, settled.' and. when
the vote was taken, the twelve agreed
to them at once, i Tha treaty was dn.
ly signed," and the Mormoniji.repared
to leare tho State . a
[For the McArthur Democrat.]
Advantages of the Union or Graded
School.
may bp
Miiniiiuniiiiuu wnu UJU priDCipiO WOr.K-
inga of the Union or graded school,
we proposo to enumerate a few of its
advantages over the ordinary or un
graded schooj. '
THE PUPIL IS BENEFITTED.
In ordinary or ungraded sclioob,
me cnuaren, in every stage of advance
mont, from A B 0 to tho highest
branch taught, are collected together
m ono room, unuer the care ol one
teacher. But in union or graded
scnooi8,- the pupils are classified ac
cording to their advancement; and all
ol those, who have made nearlv tho
Rain0 rr,'r"8, are placedunder tho
' 8ft.m0 teacher.-' Thus giving to each
I ,eacnr a less nnuibor of classes than
0 . 0Ultl ilttve in ine oratmrv school
This will enablo him to- devote more
time to each recitation consequently,
the children will becomo more thor
oughly drilled in tho several branches
in a graded school, than they would In
an ungraded ono.
But somo ono may Bay, have seen
pupils come from tlie'ungraded Bchool
good 8cholars, in at least several of
the branches. That may be all true;
but it is to bo attributed to their owu
industry, often, rather than to the
drill they hrivo received at school. It
is truo that a teacher in 'tho ungraded
school, may take a fow echoing in
two or three branches of study, and
push them on rapidly ; but ho mii6t
do it at the cxpeiiBa ol the remainder.
How Bcldom we find even teachers
well acquainted with the elementary
principles of an English education,
our school examiners can testify.
Tho can6o, we think, must bo Bought
tor in the school, tho crowded state of
which often forbids anything like a
thorough drill in all tho brandies at
tempted to bo taaght:
IT IS BETTER FOR THE TEACHER.
No teacher should ever appear be
foro ,fcio school without first having
reviewea .every lesson tor tho day
But how can this be done in tlio un
graded school. Tho teacher having
.ao.many. tranches to . teach cannot
give tnat attention to .each "which 'It
demands.' Tho conscqncnco is.' some
aro .neglected. It is' not 'fio in tho
graded school. Tho teacher, haying
out iew Branches to (teacli, has au op
portunity to make' ' jbimself thor
oughly acquainted ; with th'An.'and,
coiiBeqncutly,' jviirbo better qualified
to tea'ch them. "
IT IS MORE ECONOMICAL.
Nptthat cheaper teachers will answer,
for the cheap teacher, like cheap goods,
proves tho dearest in tho end. In a
graded school, ono can teach fifty pu
pils moro easily than thirty in antun
gradad ono. Upon this hypothesis,
which we think" is correct, let us reako
a calculation of tho advantage, in dol
lars and cents, tho union school will
be to us in this district. Bay wo havo
two hundred and fifty scholars at
tending school, under tho graded sys
tem, live teachers cjan instruct tbe.m,
and do U better than eight under the
old system requiring three toachers
less, which, at the average price .of
J5 per month for each teacher, will
bo $75 per moth, or 750 per year of
ten months, .too usual time m kept in
operation. Thus we sco that the
vmio,n school' has tho advantage in
every particular! ,
S.
The Elections Approach.
The Stato elections yet to take place
before the Presidential election, nro
rapidly approaching. On Tnesday
next', a State election will be held in
Vermont; on Wednesday, in Califor
nia; and on tha Monday following, iu
Maine. Elections will take place in
(Georgia, Mississippi and Florida, on
Monday, October 1st; and in South
Carolina, on Monday, Oct. 8th. In
Ohio, Pennsylvania," Indiana, and
Minnesota, elections will be held on
Tuesday, ;0ct. StlO he Presides
tial election will take place on the
same day throughout the Union,
Tuesday, November 6th.
It is gratifying to noto that the
nearer tho Presidential election ap
proaches, the more firmly are tho
people uniting and consolidating, with
a stern determination to .rebuke the
spirit of sectionalism and disunion,
under whatever party namo it may
present itself. It is true that there is
not so much bluster and parade as
have been exhibited in 'some previous
Presidential campaigns; Jbut thero is
in the mass of ,tho people a quiet and
ardent attachment to the Union and
the principlea ;ofs. self go vernment,
which ,04.3 shown itscii in. the state
elections, that havo ' already iaken
flace, and will be more strikingly ex
dbited in those that are to follow.
Yet even these latter will not show it
in its full force;-but we mast wait un-
Ul the. Bixtn ot .November shall cave
come and gono, to sec thc lull Btrcngth
of that great popular tide, w hich is
now rising all over tho Uuion, in fa
vor of the ei eat doctrino frail ?f TCnn.
intervention or what you will,) that
toe people ot each organized communi
ty 6houM settlo all local questions,
.1.-1. . . . . . '
mm 01 siaycry inpiuded, lor thom
Bclvcs. Non-intervention hv Onn.
grcss in tho domestic ajraira of State
ana 1 erritoricp 13 beginni:) to he,
and wo trnst will bo. nnivorBallc tvi.
ognized by conservativo aud Union
men of all parties, as tho one great,
bond of Union without which our
country can havo neither ooaco nor
OitJUiy. .. ..
- Iho election in our own KtfitA fnr
oiijto othecre, for members of Con
gress, and for Countv iiflWrs l'a rlnco
at hand. In live weeks from next
Tuesday. Ohio will have sunken for
herself nnd to hor sister States. Wo
rejoico to know that in alrnoBt all
parts of tho Gtllta tho nnmnfrncv nnrl
tho Uuion men aro awako to tho im
portance of tho State. District nnVt
County elections, and bv orn-anh'.a.
- v...v UIVHUU MU fJ VIT.I 1U
.to redoem Ohio from the thraldom of
tlOn finrl rttlini mannd jpa iMai.n.!nM
pecuo.nali.sm. Tho timo is short, and
whatever is dono must be done speed
ily. There 1b not a nmmnnt tit cimro
Let organizations be immediately per
fected everywhere, meetings beld,
documents aBd papers circulated, and
every lawful ineaii3 used to bring out
the full Democratic and Union fitrnno-fli
on tho day of tho' election. No man
who loves the trno principles of De
mocracy and the Union, 6hould fail to
cast his vote at tho October c-.u 'ntinn
in favor of the men who aro known to
bO faithful tO tliORO nriripiiilon
O. Statesman.
Two Faces of Lincoln.
,
Somo ' enter prisi'mr" miblistiora m.
ceutly issued a lifo-siza lithographic
portrait of Mr.' Lincoln, tha Tinnnl.li.
van canmaato ior the rrcaidencv. an(
'.t ik . .
it is so ugly that ite-iveo ereat ofHinnn
to 1110 political tnends of Mr. L. Wo
havo examined tho picture at a J Is
tance, ior we had not tho tomcrity to
go too near, and must confess that if
Mr. Linco n looks Mil Mm I
have won his title of ."rat! nnlittpr'' hv
.merely smiling at tlio butt-end of a
srraK-grained lor, using n.horso col
lar to grin through in caso the knots
y.'cro mere than usually tourHi. arid
plentiful. Jn fact, tho old adao of
nardsomo is who bandpomo does,'-'
will not apply to Old Abe. fur I in nrv.
er could bo handsome anv wnv von
can fix it. Prentice of tho Loninpilln
Journal, is a beauty beside him, and
nooper, 01 Alabama, a perlcct Apol-
10.
..Thia picturo of Old Abo makes him
appear aa if his features were com no-
Bed of tho flweepings of a Western
gouging inatch, where no sye, or
cllOek. Or liD WOrG of thn nnmn 0170
yet all huddled together bigglety pig
glety, making up a physiognomy that
ia fanrfnl n fvlm!.l A a . n'i'mt
this "genuine reBomblanon " ar.nm rf
tno nopeiui young men of his party
l . I ifi L." -.
ty
iavo got np a pretty face of Old
Abe, which in our opinion, ie inst na
much out of drawing as the other, but
not so picturesque. If Old Abe io ev
er elected President ho will never
aiorn the White House, that's certain.
We WOuld r08PCCtfullv BlinrrroRr if it
is hia fate to bo Chief Mdo-intrnro
that at the West-room leveea tho
guests, be provided with cut-erasa
prisma, which might, bv their distor-
tion, bring Old Abe's fon
.pomething not altogether rcpulsivo.
If this is imnossible. tlion l.o mnaf
adopt tho Japanese Tvconn Rtvlo anA
New
York Spirit.
rrrin
East, West, NortU and South, tile
Democratic cause is growing stronger
and stronger, and tho grand army of
iougius ijemocrais 13 constantly in
creasing in numbers and enthusiasm.
Lincolnism and Breckinridgbisra are
both on .tho wane. The peoplo aro
for Popular Sovereignty and tho nM
of Self. Government. Wo might "&amp;11
our columns every day with extracts
showing the rapid advance of the
Democratic causo, and tho growing
popularity pf Douglas. Let our
friends go forward. Let thoro ha cn.
ergctic, aud labor with diligence, and
we shall havo tho great gratification
of adding Ohio to tho list of Demo
cratic States after the Fall ele'etionn
Who will not ahor for thin rvhinnft '
Lot every Democrat redouble his' dil
igence, and let his motto be: '."Ohio
O. Statesman.
1 .
. CTPIt ia nrettv efirtain thpt 11 rtffnii.
nor Bank, 'of Massachusetts, has no
connaonco in too election of Lincolu
as rrosiaent, or he . .would not have
accepted the President nf l.n in;nn:.
Central Railroad. Ue'knowa if Lin
coln could be;elccted he could have
places that would
railroading;.; He could be a Cabinet
placer or a. foreign minister.
[From the Lancaster Eagle.]
ttZTWo havo been lurnishod by
Daniel Upp, Esq., ofClciircreck town
ship, with tho following extract from
letter, recoived bvliim from bin
brother, Sam'l Unp, Esq., now resi
ding in Illinois. It breathes Jho right
sentimont: - '
MT. PULASKI, Logan Co., Ill.
July 12th, 1860.
I will now givo you
soiE3 idea of tho Presidential Cam
paign. 1 think that Douglas will
carry thia - Stuto. Tho Lincolnitea
had a Katilication Meeting in Spring
field, on tlio Sth of thia month, and
UQ Negroes wore among them $hont
mg ior vu aw. itiey said if Ul
ado was elected the regroes won
11.. . "
uo cievated receivo greater privi
leges. I think that if CtU A Ha-
elected Borne of our neighbors down
inu iuu, ui 1110 uijj bprmg, m mo
brick house, need not conceal Negrroa
any moro, they will just walk off
Without the aid of thu undcrorrnnnd
railroad. ' I want you to tell mv old
friends, thet nscd to doubt mv f)om.
ocracy, that if they are 83 truo to tho
lV....nnHiit!. 1 f .1
vmui,Miut; furij us i urn tiiero win
bo no doubt but Douo-laa will ha
elected; for I n83uro yon that I am go
ing to voto for him, with all my heart.
I want you to tell tho peoplo in Ohip
that there are men who are moro the
poor man's friend than Old Abo
Thero' wad a caso in court, in our
town, (Lincoln) and tho man, though
honest and upright, was so poor that
ho coulti not fee a lawyer: Old Abo
was there, and was requested by our
sympathetic peoplo to plead his case,
but ho refused. Messrs. Coming As
Austin volunteered their services,
whilo honest Old Abu said it tho
houso would make up fivo dollars he
would plead for him. ' 1 was present
when Old Abo refused to plead for
that poor man, -so I think ho is no
poor man's friend.
Hurrah for Stephen A. Douglas!
Thrcochecrs for Douglas! .
Lincoln's Opinion of Jefferson.
Sinco Abraham Lincoln haa been
talked of for President, wo believe he
lms written a letter to boiuo Yankeo
Abolitionists extolling TlioirmA .Inf.
ferson, and claiming him as iho fathc;
unu iouncior oi tno modern republican
party. It 6ccms, however, that Mr.
Lincoln entertained a very different
ouinion of JefFuraon n. fW vrmrs unr.
Tho Macomb (llliuoib) ZuyTe has had
tho nnkindnes8 to raku up from old
Mob a speech made by Mr. Lincoln in
ioii, in which ho thii3 spoke cf tho
author of tho Declaration nf ln,l
donee:
"Mr. JeDorson is a (-tulfsmun ul
praisea aro never out of the mouth of
tho Democratic party. Let ua attend
to this uncomDi'omisinif Mo.nA nt frn.
- r, n . ..v.vj-
dom,' whoso .name is continually in
voked against tho Whie nnrtv. Tin.
character pf Jefilrson was repulsive.
continually pnlling about liberty,
eanalitv.' and tho flpomrli net fnrai nt
slavery, ho brought his own children
to tno hammer, and mado money of
hia debaucheries. Even at hia death
he did not manumit his numerous ofl-
ring. but left them, soul .md l.nrlv
to degradation and tho cart whin A
daughter of thia vaunted champion of
xomocracy was Bold some years ago
at public auctio n in New Orlpnna onci
purchased by a society of gentlemen,
wy wiBueo. to testily by her liberation
their admiration of 'tho Btatesman
who - . :
'Dreajnpt of freedom in t slave' embrace
mis single lino 1 have quoted gives
moro insight to the character of tho
man than whole volumes of nnnpnrvnV
It will ontliva hia cm'tnnfi. trrlro it
who may." . . .
And the man who uttered these sen
timeuta Bix,teon ?ooro arr0 would now
hayo the pooplo believu that Jefferaon
was aa much of an Abolitionist aa ho
Ind. State Sentinel.
TpTlie Breckinridge Disunioniala
of the South and the Lincoln Repub
licans pt the JNprth both "lrrepressi
blo conflict" meu. who hold extreme
vyiijuuD,.uai uuuuk ui uu UOUluromisO,
and which' if ndopted. would shattar
lhe Union have the same feeling of
hostility to the Douglas and Bell men
that two enraged persons fighting have
to an outsider, who steps iu and intgr
feres to prevent the fight. ; Thoy" both
uequeutiy turn upon mm with ail their
might. Were it not for the Dougji.
and Bell parties, tho North and $outli
would noW bo eniaced in n dpadlw
conflict', aud would Tiave eabh other
by the throat. . '. The Douglas and Boll
Enrties. are for peace and' concord the
ireckinridge and Lincoln are for war
and revolution.' V '
. Rey;l, S. Kalloch now; prcachor
at Leavenworth. Kansas, is ahont to
relihanish. for the third thnft.'fha rr.n.
Istry, and adopt the profession of the-