of conniiercial productions, between theso
remote divisions cf the Republic. At the
present time, the most practicable ani
commodious routes for communication be
tween them are by the way ol the lath
mat of Central America. It is the duty
of the government to secure these ave
nues agiinst ail danger of interrup
tion. In relation to Central America, per
plexing questions existed between the
United States and Great Britain at the
time of the cession of California. These,
as weil as questions which subsequently
arose concerning inter-oceanic communi
"catioii across the Isthmus, were, as it was
supplied, adjusted by the treaty of April
19, 1S50; but, unfortunately, they have
been ft opened by serious misunderstand
ing as i the import of its provisions, a re-.viju-iu:e:it
of which is now under consid
c Oar Minister at London has
v.: Yi -THiiuous efforts to accomplish this
d--:. b a ot'jcct, but has not yet found it
p?.i:j i'- bring the negotiations to a ter-
As ii.cidental to the questions, I deem
h pn.pfr n notice an occurrence which
h ip,;f-n?l in Central America, near the
ci-e ufihe ldi session ofCingress. So
joon a? ths necessity was perceived of
!t:iblihing iuier-oceanic communications
acres the Isthmus, a company was or
ganized, under the authority of the State
of icarogun, but composed for the most
part, of citizens of the United States, for
tbe purpose f opening such a transit way
by the river :: j Juan and Lake Nicar
agua, which . ion became an eligible and
much used route in the tmnsportion of
ourcil;2ens and their property between
the Atlantic and the Pacific. Meanwhile
and in anticipation of the completion and
importance of this transit way. a number
of adventurers had taVen possession of the
old Spanish port at the mouth of the river
Snn Juan, in open defiance of the Slate
or Snips of Central America, which, up
on their becoming Independent, had right
ly puoceeded to the local Sovreignty and
jur sdiction of Spain. These adventur
ers undertook to change the name af tho
place from San Juan del Norte to Grey
town, and, though first pretending to act
as the subjects of the fictitious sovereign
of the Mosquito Indians, they subsequent
ly repudiated the control of any power
whatever, assumed to adopt a distinct
political orginizritioM, and declared them
selves an independent sovereign State.
If at some time, a faint hope was enter
tained that they might become a stable and
respectable community, that hope soon
vanished. They proceeded to assert un
founded claims to civil jurisdiction over
Punta Arenas, a position on th opposite
si ie of the river San Juan, which was in
poses-yion, under a title wholly indepen
dent ff tSif-ru, t( citizens of tho United
Suites interested in the Nicaragua Transit
Company, and which was indispensably
necessary to the prosperous operation of
that route across the Isthmas. The com
pany resisted their groundless claims;
whereupon they proceeded to destroy
some of its building, nnd attempted vio
lently to disposess it. At a later period
they organized a strong force for the pur
pose of demolishing the establishment "it
Punta Arenas, but this mischievous design
was defeated by the interposition of one of
cur ships nf war, at that time in the har
bor of San Juan. Subsequently to this.in
May last, a body of men from Greytown
crossed over to Puma Arenas, arrogating
authority to arrest, on the charge of mur
der, a captain ufoueof ths steamboats of
the Transit Company, Being well aware
.that the claim to exercise jurisdiction there
would be resisted then, as it had been on
previous occasions, they went prepared
to assert it by force of arm?. Our minis
ter to Central America happened to be
present on that occasion. Beleiving that
the ciptain of the steamboat was innocent
for be witnessed the transaction on which
the charge was foundi: J, and beleiving, al
to, that the intruding party, having no
jurisdiction over the place where they
proposed to mnke the arrest, would en
counter resistance if they presisted in
their purpose, ho iulerposed effectually to
prevent violence and bloodshed. The
American minister afterwards visited Grey
town, and whilst he was there, a mob, in
eluding some of the so called public func
tionaries of the place, surrouuded the
house in which he was, avowing that they
had come to arrest him, by order of some
person exercising the chief authority.
Whjle paileying with them he was
wounded by a missile from the crowd.
A boat dispatched from the American
tteamer "North Light" to release him
from the perilous situation in which he
was understood to be, was fired into by
the town gun rd, and compelled to return.
These incidents, together with the known
chincter of population of Greytown, and
their excited state, induced just apprehen
sions that tho lives and property of our
citizens at Punta Arenas would be in im
minent danger af:er the departure of the
steamer wilh hor passengers for New
York, unless a guard was left for thoir
protection; For this purpose, and in or
der to ensure the safety of passengers and
property parsing over the route, a tempo
rary force was organized, at considerable
expense to the United Slates, for which
provision was made at the last session of
Congress.
This pretended community, a heteroge
neous assemblage gathered from various
countries, and composed for the most part
of blacks and persons of mixed blood, had
previously given other indications of mis
chievous and dangerous propensities.
Eirly in the sami month, property was
clandestinely abstracted from the depot
of the Tiansif Company.and taken to Grey
town. The plunderers obtained shelter
there. and their pursuers were driven back
by its people, who not only protected the
wrung dotjrs and shared tho plunder, but
treated with rudeness and violence those
who sought to recover their property.
Such, in substance, are the facts sub
mitted to our consideration, and proved by
trustworihey evidence. 1 could not doubt
that the ca9 demanded the interposition
of this government. Justiee required that
reparation should be mada for so many
and such gross wrongs, and that course
joC insolence and plunder, tending directly
to the insecurity of lives of travelers and
of the rich treifure belonging to citizens
passing; over this transit way, should be
peremplorilly arrested. Whatever it
nrfjht b io other reaped, the communi- i
ty in question, in power to do mischief
was not despicable. It was well provided
wilh ordinance, small arms &amp; ammunition
and might easily seize upon the unatrned
boats. Ireighted with millions of property,
which passed almost daily within its
reach. It did not profess to belong to
any regular government, and had, in fact,
no recognized dopendance on, or connec
tion with, any one to. wnJch, the United
States or her injured citizens might epply
for redresSjOr which cputd be held respon
sible in any way for the outrages commit
ted. Not standing before the world in
the attitude of an organized political so
ciety, being neither competent to exercise
the rights nor to discharge the obligations
of a government, it was in fact; a maraud
ing establishment, too dangerous to be dis
regarded, and too guilty to pass unpin
ished and yet incapable ol being treated
in any other way than as a piratical re
sort, of. outlaws, or a camp of savages,
depredating dn emigrant trains or cav
erns,, and. the frontier settlements of civ
slized States.. !
Seasbnäbie notice was given to the
people of Greytown that this government
required them to repair the injuries they
had done to our citizens, and to make
suitable apology for their ii.sult of our
minister, incl that a sh:p of war would
be dispatched thilher to enforce compli
ance with these demands. But the no
tice passed unheeded. Thereupon, a
commander of the navy, in charge of the
sloop-of-war "Cyane," was ordered to
repeat the demands, and to insist upon a
compliance therewith. Finding that
neither the populace, nor those assuming
to have authority over them, manifested
any disposition to make the required
reparation, or even to offjr excuse for
their conduct, he warned them, by a pub
lic proclamation, that if they did not
give satisfaction within a time specified,
he would bombard the town. By this
procedure he afforded them opportunity
to provide for their personal safety. To
those also who desired to avoid loss of
property, in the punishment about to be
inflicted on the offending town, he furn
ished the means of removing their effects,
by the boats of his own ship, and a steam
er which he procured and tendered to
them for that purpose. At length, per
ceiving no disposition on the part'of the
town to comply with his requisitions, he
appealed to the commander of her Ilritan
ic Majesty's schooner, "Bermuda," who
was seen to have intercourse, and appar
ently much influence with the leaders
among them. to interpose and persuade
them to take some course calculated to
save the necessity of resorting to the ex
treme measure indicated in his proclam
ation; but that officer instead of acceding
to the request, did nothing more than to
protest against the contemplated bom
bardment. No steps of any sort were
taken by the people, to give the satisfac
tion required. No individuals, if any
thero were, who regarded themselves as
not responsible for the misconduct of the
community, adopted any means to sep
arate themselves from the fate of the
guilty. The several charges, on which
the demands for redress were founded,
had been publicly known to all for some
time, and were again announced to them.
They did not deny any of these charges,
they offered no explanation, nothing in
extenuation of their conduct, but contu-
' maciously refused to hold any intercourse
with the commander of the "Cyane.' By
their obstinate silence they 6eemed rath
, er desirous to provoke chastisement than
j to escape it. There is ample reason to
i believe that this conduct of wanton de
; fiance, on their part, is imputable chiefly
j to the delusive idea that the American
'government would be deterred from pun-
! ishing them, through fear of displeasing
j a -formidable foreign power, which they
i presumed to ihink, looked with compla
j cency upon their aggressive and insult-
ing deportment towards the United
. States. The Cyane' at length fired up-
i on the town. Before much injury had
; been done, the fire was twice suspended,
in ordrtr to afford opportunity for an ar
rangement; but this was declined. Most
of the buildings of the place, of little
value generally, were in the sequel, de
strored: but owing to the considerate
precautions taken by our naval Comman
der, there was no destruction of life.
When the "Cyane was ordered to
Central America, it was confidently hop
ed and expected that no occasion would
arise for "a resort to violence and a de
struction of property and loss of life.'
Instructions to that effect were given to
her commander, And no extreme act
would have been requisite, had the peo
pie themselves, by their extraordinary
conduct iu the affair, frustrated all the
possible mild measures for obtaining sat
isfaction. A withdrawal from the place,
the object of his visit entirely defeated,
would under the circumstances in which
the commander of the "Cyane" found
himself, have been absolute abandonment
of all claims of our citizens for indemni
fitation, and submissive acquiescence in
national indignity. It would have en
couraged in these lawless men a spirit of
insolence and rapine, most dangerous to
the lives and property of our citizens at
Punta Arenas, and probably emboldened
them to grasp at the treasure and valu
able merchandise continually passing over
the Nicaragua route. It certainly would
have been most satisfactory to me, if the
objects ol the "Cyane's" mission could
have been consumated without any act of
public force; but the arrogant contumacy
of the offenders rendered it impossible to
avoid the alternative either to break up
their establishment, or to leave them im
pressed with the idea that they might
persevere with impunitr in a career of
insolence and plunder.
This transaction has been the subject
of complaint on the part of some foreign
powers, and has been characterized with
more of harshness than of justice. If
comparisons were te be instituted, it
would not be difficult to present repeated
instances in the history of States, stand
ing on the very front of modern civilisa
tion, where communities, far less offen
ding and more defenccles than Greytown.
have been ch&amp;itited with much greater
severity, and where not cities only have
been laid in ruins, but human life has
been recklessly sacrificed, and the blood
o! the innccent made profusely to mingle
with that of the guilty.
(eoxexuvzn jtzxt win,)
I Pmi0iitl) Banner, i
WILLIAM C. POMEROY, Editor.
PLYMOUTH, IND.
Thursday Morning, Dec, 14, 1854.
S AI tJT ATORy!
Until very recently we never enter
taiued the . idea of assuming the responsi
bilities of an Editor, or Publishor, but
having been elected to the offices, we at
once proceed to the arduous task. With
out expecting to please all, we earnestly
hope to merit a share of public confi
dence by presenting to the reader such
matter as may be properly connected
with Agricultutral interests, Education,
Politics, and Moral Keform; promising
the Farmer, Mechanic, Merchant, and
Professional Man, a "Stitch in time," if
light permits.
The farmer should be posted in mar
kets, and the opinions of an Agricul
tural Bureau laid before him for refer
ence. Mechanics will receive our aid,
so far as we can render them service.
The Merchant shall have the benefit of
Statistics connected wilh commerce, as
a guide to wealth. Professional men
may always anticipate and expect our
best wishes, but of them we expect
more aid received, than given , their
pen should occasionally be our lancet.
Useful intelligence of a general nature
shall be sought for by us, and Banner
ized. In Politics, we cannot remain neutral,
we will give such facts as are con
stantly transpiring, commenting as we
deem just, regarding the opinions and
remembering the interest of all, and
hope our 'Banner will always be found
against the doctrine of Slavery exten
sion, and in favor of Freedom. 'Against
drunkenness, in favor of sobriety. A
gainst vice, in favor of good-order.
Against wrong, in favor of right.
Oracled School. v
The new School House being erected
by Mr. Morgan, is nearly completed.
The -President and Trustees of our town
have procured the services of W. J. Moir,
Esqr., as Superintendent of the School,
who commenced his first term on Monday
last, with the assistance of Mrs. E. Crum,
and Mrs. . Adams, under the most fa
vorable auspices. About one hundred
and fifty pupils in attendance. We in
cidentally visiled the school room st the
hour of its first opening, and were highly
pleased to see so many of the youth as
sembled for instruction. Those little
sparkling eyes, rosy cheeks, and smiling
faces, combined with parental interest
manifest upon the occasion, were grati
fying to the teachers. Feelings of grat
itude were expressed on account of open
ing a Graded School at this place.
The Terms of the school we under
stand are seventy-five cents per month,
for each scholar, for those residing with
out the limits of the corporation, all
others free. Instructions given in all
the branches usually taught in high
schools. Success to the teachers an I their
enterprise. One of the most laudable
character.
The following list of Books was re
commended by the Trustees of the Ply
mouth Graded School:
Sander's Spelling Book
Wright's Orthography
Webster's High School Dictionary
Parker's First Header
Second
Third
Fourth ,,
,, Rhetorical Reader
Davies' School Arithmetic
Mitchell's Geography
,, Intermediate Geography
Clark's New English Grammer
Parker's Juvenile Philosophy
First Lessons in Philosophy
,, School Philosophy
Willard's History of the United States
Kingsley's Juvenile Choir
Webster's Dictionary, Unabridged.
Cutter's Anatomy, Phy6eology &amp; Hygiane
Smith's Illustrated Astronomy
Reid and Bains Chemistry and Electricity
The above named Books may be found
at the Book Stores in this place.
1.111'OItTANT.
Section 21 of the Fourth Article of the
Constitution of this State is . in these
words: "No act shall ever be revised or
amended by mere reference to its title,
but the act revised, or section amended,
shall be set forth and published at full
length." The Supreme Court has recent
ly made a decision which renders null
and void all the laws regulating probate
business, which have been passed since
the new code was adopted, sustaining
the decision of a Circuit Court where it
was held on a suit upon a promisory cote,
that the Circuit Court has no jurisdiction,
because the law conferring it. was an
amendment, which did not recite the law
to be amended, in compliance with the
Constitution. This decision will, of
course, have its effect upon decisions and
proceedings bad in our courts, but we
presume not to any extent, Many enact
ments are made, which are without effect
and the cuses numerous. Constitutions
and popular will often defeat the object
of useful laws, created under the misgui
dance of law. makers.
(T-The population of Michigsn is
over half a million,
BANKS.
The following Banks are said to have
failed ;
Bank of Hollowell. Hollowell, Maine
Calais Bank, Calais,
Ellsworth Bank, Ellsworth,
Monsum River Bank, Sanford
ii
Shipbuilders Bank, Rockland, ,,
Merchants Bank, Burlington, Vermont
Staik Bank, Bennington, ,,
Pahyuiogua Bank, Danbury, Connecticut
Eaetern Bank, West Rillingly, ,,
Eighth Avenue Bnk, City of New York
Knickerbocker Bank, City of
Atlbss Bank. Clymer.
Commercial Bank, Lockport
it
ii
James Bank, Jamesville, ,,
Farmer's Bank, Onondaga, ,,
Franklin Bank, Marvin, .,
Lewis Co. Bank, Mortinsbargh ,,
Merchant's &amp; M ecu's Bank.Oswego
Oswogo Co. Bank, Mariden,
Exchange Bank, Buffalo,
Merchant's Bank, Bridgtotvn, New Jersey
Tradesman's Bank, Flemington
Wheat Grower's Bank, Newton, ,,
Bank of Milford, Milford, Delaware
Bank of Salisbury, Salisbury, Maryland
Farmer's &amp; Mecls Bank of Rent Co. ,,
Bank of Circle ville. Circleville, Ohio
Bank of Massilon, Massilon, ,,
Canal Bank of Cleveland, ,,
City Bank of Columbu3,
Sandusky City Bank, Sandusky.
Clinton Bank of Columbus
Miaina Valley Bank, Dayton, .
Saoiny Bank of Cincinnati,
t
ii
ii
it
State Bank Branch at Newark ,,
Toledo ,,
,, ,, Cincinnati ,,
Akron ,,
Aehtobula, doubtful ,,
Massilon ,, ,,
ii
Union Bank, Chicago, Illinois
City Bank ,, ,,
Farmer's Bank ,,
Merchant's &amp; Mech's Bank .,
Bank of Naperville. Naperville,
Bank of Rockford, Rockford.
Merch. &amp; Farmer's Bank, Springfield
Phoenix Bank of Chicago,
Rock Island Bank, Rock Island, ,,
Erie &amp; Kalamazoo Bank. Adrian, Michigan
Government Stock Bank. Ann A:bor ,,
Bank of Washtenaw Bank ,.
Oshkosh Bank, Oshkosh. Wisconsin
Bank of Southbeud, Southbend, Indiana
Bank of Connersville Connersville,
Elkhart Couniy Bank, Goshen,
Northern Indiana Bank, Logansport,
Wayn Bank ,,
Plymouth Bank, Plymouth,
Bank of America, Morroco, ,,
Tippecanoe Bank, Winamac, ,,
Persons having any of the notes of the
Banks of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois. Mich
igan or Wisconsin, that are secured by
deposit of Stocks, ought not to suffer
much loss or shave in disposing of them,
as they will eventually be redeemed at
or near the full face.
(XIf"The communication by "Fleeta
Fleetwood" is received, and published to
day. We hope to hear from F. often and
solicit a continuance of like favors,
Xalia"i3 thankfully received and cheer
fully published please keep that pen
gliding this way.
-
"Crimea" cannot be inserted for three
reasons, we regard it personal, without
substance, and badly written either of
which will reject any communication.
The Railroad Bmk of Decatur, 111.,
nnd the 0koih Bank of Wis., have both
failed.
Tho Erie Railroad took to New York
last week ten thousand seven hundrr-d and
forty. five live hogs.
Miss Harriet Pomeroy.the great Bloom
er advocate, has got a new suit. She
has adopted the old fashioned "barn door
flap" to her breeches. Detroit Free
Press of Dec. 9.
Quite mistaken Mr. Story, she left
New York for California, May 5ih, 1852
in company with her husband. They re
side at San Jose Valley where she is at
liberty to adopt her own style of dress
without comment,
From Grdeys Lady's Book.
SONNET BIRD OF PASSAGE.
V WM. Al.AXAXDFR.
The bird of passnpc, prescient, rvrr knows
The JMire npjr ac h of th'mrntal Mrire,
Sff-s stormy ti-mpostsjuid the cliillin; muws
And icy Winter, with Iii terrors rife.
So. lH'prenu'ditutr?n rtpid ilirht.
And hastens on.w ith strong and viperous vin5
To where more reni.il climea wo-ild him invite,
And Nature "ffr ra a tooth lastipg uprin?.
Same friendly power doti: now its aid dispense
To warn ns e ft" to a more happv clime.
Our guide a pood nnd criciom Providence,
Who Sittel h on enrlh's circle so xiddimp;
Then let nn leave thege not where sin hath trod
To histeii home, through Virtue's path, to God.
Thirty Grains nf Beanty,
Whtch constitute the Perfect Woman.
Three things white Theskin,the teeth
and tho band.
Three black The eyes, tho eyo-brows,
and the eye lashes.
Three rdThe lips, the choeka and
the nails.
Three long The body, the hair and
tho hands.
Th ret short The teeth, tho ears, and
th feet.
Three vide or Urge The checks, tho
forehead, and the space betweeen the eye
brows,
Thrte small or narrow Tho mouth,
the waist, and tha ancle.
Thrte plump Tho arm, the leg, and
the calf of the leg.
Three delicate or tint The fingen, tho
hair and thelipa.
Three small The head, the chin, and
the nose.
Translated from, the French by a La
iy for tht Hou Journal,
ommunfcatcir
For the Banner.
Pliri-IC OPIIf IO.Y.-Its Uc9 and
Vices
When the Creator made man, He sub
jected him to certain imperative laws,
having their foundation and reason in
the very nature of his constitution as an
intelligent, moral, sentient being; an
observance of which laws, we. cell natur
al : their Infraction anomalous.
Of these conditions of his nature, there
is, perhaps none more universal than
that of association. It holds good in
regard to all ranks of the animal crea
tion, bnt exists in man pre-eminently.
Mm is a social being, he is endowed
with faculties and feelings that find n
developement only in communion with
his kind. And these are by far his no
blest gifts, satisfying his nobler capacity
for happiness, and the more he is detach
ed from selfish considerations, the more
his sympathies go out to his fellows: in
just that proportion is he ennobled and
blessed. So this law has all the force of
an instinct. Man it so dependent on his
fellow man for all the offices that this
life requires and his nature demands, that
we can hardly conceive what a human be
ing would be, completely isolated from
all the res!, and deem such a desire the
fruit of a crazyed and distempered fancy,
and even such few instances as are re
corded of this utter seclusion as almost
fabulous.
How 6elfish soever a man may be, he is
not so selfish as to isolate his interests
from those of others, if it be but one oth
er. This is then a wise, benevolent,
universal and powerful provision in the
human economy. Hence has sprung
every social organization, every form ol
civil compact, every combination of
means to an end. all the immense power
of associated effort of which this world
has been the theatre, from the first fami
ly institution in Eden, to the Colossal
powers that to-day divide the empire be
tween them.
Hence too. is derived the Omnipotence
of that interest. Public Opinion ; the
tyrant or the liberator of man according
to its particular stamp: powerful for
j;ood. and no less so for evil, and follow
ing the law of his nature, as the night
the day, or, as effect from cause. In
certain communities it is the sole arbiter.
Woe to the Indian brave, who has merit
ed the disapprobation of his tribe. Their
seal of public disgrace is on him; he is
r xiled from their communion, and his ex
termination becomes a virtue: nor do the
happy hunting grounds where dwell his
forefathers with the Great Spirit, hold
out any hope to him, if under the public
ban.
Public Opinion was intended to be the
best safe-guard of the rights, liberties,
and civil virtues of men. and therefore
demands unshackled freedom for its exer
cise, free avenues of thought, speech, and
action. Allowcdjunparalled ranpe in our
own country, it is the very soul of our
system, and the divinity of our laws. It
may be defined: the aggregate moral
sense of a society in regard to any action,
or events, or character, though this is
true only after this6entiment has become
history. Generally, the bias of the mo
ment renders it different from what it
will be afterwards. Again, we know
that in every society there must be 6ome
leading characters superior iu some point
position, wealth, or real talents, and
whether worthy or not, they are taken as
the arbiters of opinion, which of course
takes its hue from them ; and they being
subject to motives of private interest, in
dividual aggrandizement, and personal
jealousies, and as more than half of any
community never bav an opinion of their
own, but think as their magnates do, the
scale of right and wrong is liable to be
somewhat equivocal.
But though frequently just in itsa
wards, and always a legitimate court of
appeal, yet blindly trusted to, it turns a
very tyrant in its hold on the mind, till
a man no longer doubts its infallibility,
and bows before his self-erected Divin
ity with a more than Eastern devotion.
"What a huge bugbear is this 6ame Pub
lic Opinion, that its decree io all matters
of taste, fashion, good and evil, moral
right and wrong, should be ?o convincing
and unquestioned, that its nod should
make the world tremble ! Forgetting
that it is only the infallible sentence of
creatures like themselves, men invest it
with imaginary terrors, and turn cowards
before their equals.
There is no more abject bondman than
he whose only rule of action is the al
mighty say-so of somebody else. Public
Opinion is not the ultimato rule of right,
there is a higher law written in everj
one's consciousness, to which he is chief
ly amenable, and at whose tribunal Pop
ular opinion is never an excuse if antag
onist to its monitions. He who can look
unblushing into the face of society and
say "I care not what others think of me,"
is a knave than which there is none great
er; he who thinks of nothing slse is a
slave, a pitiful slave.
The two extremes of open defiance and
servile sycophancy are alike reprehensi-
1 l rr. 1 -
Die. mere is a pouu 01 complacency
btyond which no man ca r0 and pre-
serve his own self-respect, or the esteem
of other?. When it is more likely that
the public are right than one individual,
he shou'.d yeild, but there are cases in
which the individual is the more compe.
tent judge of his own course of action.
Public sentiment may for a time be per
verted, it is the part of the morally cour
ageous to withstand its aberrations;'?
cure that in the end it will come right.
Though it is a worthy aspiration and a
high pleasure to the honest and right
feeling man to wear the meed of public
approbation and honor, where he can lift
up his head proudly among his peers,
confident of that honor, yet ii he wrong
ed and traduced.
He but suffers the fate of many pro
fhetl and wise ones of the earth, and let
him know that posteriry will vindicate
him and he may safely trust his fame with
them. It is in the hands of such men :
men of self respect, of trutb, of honesty,
and of high honor, that the direction and
moulding of the sentiment of the people
can be trusted. Especially should the
agents of the press see that the powerful
engine they wield be properly directed.
The Press with its vast machinery in mo
tion all over the land, is the author of
incalculable effect, ami we might almost
term it the great High Priest of public
opinion. As the eiponent of that opin
ion, if the people of any community are
high-toned, honest and honorable, the
press will not be venal, dishonest, and
vicious, and so the reverse. In general
it may be eaid, that a corrupt people a
corrupt public sentiment, and a corrupt
precg go hand in hand, and are almost as
sure to fullow each other, as the shadow
follows the substance.
XAL1A.
For the Banner.
Editors Who they arc Their Datr,&amp;r.
An Kditor, one who strives faithfully
to perform the duties of his vocation, is
one of the richest boons to society. To
h'm it 19, that the world is indebted for
mental light. Nobly, and indefatigably
he toils to gather the fruit, which, kin
dled to a glow in his own mind, diffuses
a genial light nnd warmth over the minds
of others; it penetrates to the shadowed,
the dark, and even the hidden recesses of
I uUman Intellect, producing at first, per
t 1 r .
naps, um a mint renection, it indeed it
produce any at first, but the tireles ed
itor is not disheartened. What thouoh
his efforts are not appreciated, he labors
on, each day adding to the intellectual
flame, and each week the radiance is cecn
and felt from afar, until at last the mid
night darkness of ignorance is penetrated
by the glorious beams of an intellectual
sun.
The duty of an Editor is not to be
lightly undertaken. Like the vows for
holy orders, he should feel that he has a
special 'call" to the sanctum;" nor
should the frowns of opposition deter
him from the faithful discharge of the
obligations resting on him, for a syco
phantic editor, one who sells his inde
pendence of mind and principle to any
man, or set of men, does a grievous
wrong, both to his own manhood, and to
all who look to him for that information
it is necessary to obtain that they may
form their own opinions aright. It isi
then, the duty of an editor to give his
readers the truth on all subjects on
which he writes. This in no case can
justly be withheld, for the pn-ss controls
the puplic mind. How necessary that it
should have truth for its basis.
So secure a hold has th press upon
the affections of the people that were it
to deceive, it would do an incalculable
amount of wrong. It would be like in
fusing a small portion of poison into
their daily food. Like it, did I say? It
would be far more deadly in its conse
quences; for that would only be a phys
ical evil, dying with the generation to
which it was administered, while the
other would be a wrong done to the im
mortal mind, Irving through all genera
tions of time, continually increasing in
its destroying influences and leading
more and more into the vortex of dt struc
tton. The mind of the youth of our country
is formed in a great measure, from news
papers; for so plenty, and so cheap have
they become, that it is almost ns difficult
to find a man who does not "take a pi
per," as it was in former times to find
one who did. This is right, and argues
well for the intellectual stata of any
Country, but if the mind of the youth is
to be a reflex from that of the editor, let
him beware of the mirror he holds up to
their gaze, lest it cause him shame when
he sees the image presented to his view.
Let his own thoughts be pure. Let him
fearlessly, and manfully defend the right,
shrinking not from his duty though wraih.
and power should combine against him.
and as fearlessly expose the wrong.
Such an editor is one of God's best
blessings. He exercises a healthful in
fluence upon society, he elevates the
standard of mind, and morals, he enlarges
the understanding by searching out hid
den truths and presenting them to his
readers, and he leads them step by step
to the halls of knowledge, of which he
holds the key. But he who bends the
servile knee to power, teaching his pen
to writo wily falsehoods, who catches
poisons for the public mind, is one of the
most dreadful curses. As the one spreads
a radienee along the path of life, the
other covers it w ith darkness deeper than
the "noon of night;" for the withdrawal
of the tfuu from the visible heavens cau
ses not such daiknefs to our vision as
that which ignorance, vice, and crime
cover the sky of the mind. Light has
been withheld, the light of truth and dark
ness must ensue
The soul of an Editor should stir with
in him who assumes the editorial chair,
... .i. ... 1, , ,.r ! . '
or the weight of responsibility resting on
bun would be a burden too great for hin.
tO bear. Politics, morals, and relicfou
every reform, and every benevolent iii6ti
lulion look to him to be correctly rpre
seuted, and society looks to him, too,
for correct information on these subjects;
and not only look to him for it, but de
reands it of him ns a Just return for their
confidence, for a faithful editor has the
confidence of the people. Their best in
tereitg, political and religious liberty are
in his hands, for by sustaining the free
dom of the presi political freedom ii pre
sumed, apd with the preservation of po-
liticai liberty is the "Free dom to worship
God" maintained.
It is not necessary to repeat the nmeJ5
of note which belong to the 4fraiernity"
in order to stimuUte such an ec'itor to
action, for the promptings of his own
manly spirit impels him onwar.l. Let
"onward" then, bt his motto, falterln
not in the discharge of the duties which
devolve upon him, and while there lives
an American who can appreciate the el
forts mede for his benefit, the nmes of
American Editors will be held in rate
ful remembrance.
FLEET A FLEETWOOD.
Woodland Wild.
On the 9:h in.it. by Kev.N. L. nAKZUAy,tr
St triir? A, Kkaxos to MI Lucinda D. !
so, a!l of Plymouth.
1 .
NCU) Cl&amp;UCttt0ClttCHt0
DISSOLUTION.
J1 HE co partnership heretofore existing
between Mitchell and Tbompsf n i tfaia
day ili6ulvt-d by inulUi 1 cunseti. A'l j ertoni
kr.o.ving theinielvesin lebjed wlil pi ae call
und p;iy or settle by m te. Ei her party is ai
iborized to settle ths book
JAMES MITCHELL.
T. U. THOMPSON.
Dec. 8, 1S5I. 2'jt3.
.TAMIfeS HUTCHEIif J,
Thankful fr p.-.t ong- in his line, Lo
found radr al all times to pp"y enrtcrrers nd
execute ordrs without d lay tor l'luw, Crikt
ini7, Turaiiis, &amp;.c. at hi furnace. J. M.
Dtfcrm'ter l2iL 1354. ijif.
21L3L3I?!3ET
AHB HESS MAKING.
"FRS. A. ACKERMAN will mnünu the
IvX businens of Miilinery and D;es mak'na;
at her rei 'cm, firnt door" north of Edward's
II nd. Also. GtMitletueu' I'jiuts, Sh?it, and
vests made to order. 39 vl
"POR SALE. The well known Farm
of Stephen Mirsters. "i-CHtd ihr.e mile
west of Plymouth, containing 900 ncrrs, wilh
valuable improvements, nnd in a pood neiph.
borhood. Teiim eay. Two nsnrrtJiton
a portion f the purchase mcnev. Apply al
the Banner Office.
Dc. M.l&amp;i. 33a8
CABINET SHOP.
JONATHAN WRIGHT, Jr. re?pectfjlly in
form the inhabitants of I'lvmouth, and itf
vicinity, that he h opened a fhop under A. L.
Wheeler's More where ho will rmnufactare
Furniture and C-ibinet ware at as low a figure
as any place in the West. Terms Cash. 29 f
PHYSICIAN &amp; SURGEON.
Dil. J. E. CROOKE, bavin? yrrn
nently located in Pivuiouth, tenders ti
profession il Services to the p Wie. All call
prorrptlv attended to except when absent
Oflice iu Hntislitou'ft Block. J.E.HttOOKE.
IUc. 14.b, 1S54, C9i
MEDICAL NOTICE.
IIa ing permanent" 1 tcated in I'lyraouib, ley
leave to lender hi warmest thanks to ihr P.:"
lic for the Iii end paironape extendi d hlhi, cud
lici'a a continuauce of the s:ioe.
All calls, dsv or nicht, shall receive prompt
attention. Office on Michigan Stic t.tirst door
So ith of Messrs. Cobb &amp; Hhie, H rlwhf Store.
I)c 14. 1843. yl S. HlGGINßOTTIIAM.
DISSOLUTION.
"TVOTICE ii hereby given thst the ro-
partnership heretofore existing Wte?n
David II nv and O. M. Uaruard is this day dis
solved by mu'ual consent. All persons indebt
ed to the late firm cf Barnard &amp;. II iw are r
q'ieted t ca'l immediately and m ke pnyment
or settlv- bv uo'e. The books uuit I e closed.
O.M.BAl'NARD.
DAVID now.
Doc. Cih mi. 391.
IIAKXESS MAKING-
rjnHE ubscriber takes thif method of
anonncing to the citizens of M 'frhsl tad
adjircnt Comities, that ho is con.-tmtly matm
fantiuirg Paddle of c very variety.
SINGLE &amp; DOUBLE HIRNE SS.
of ihe II EST Materials, which l.e vt'n or stl
at reduced prices.
done at the -h.rte notice.
All Indiava Pai.k note rec ived. Shop in
Hou'vin4 U'.ck, immediately cprite) P.
Palmer's U.re. KELSON MrLAUGHIX.
39. -1.
Administrator's Notice.
NOTICE is hereby piven that ti e under
signed La taken out letters ol adminis
tration on the eslate ol John I. t;.ver, de
ceased, late of Marshall county, Indiana. All
persons having claims aeainst the e.-tate of
nil di ce ed : re requested to prrref t -he rr
duly authenticated for settlement. Tho;ei.i-dc-bted
ar-. ieq-t d o make i'rmed'ntc pp
nuut. The i state ii mppo.ed to be volver.t.
JASl'LltUUi;. l;nr.
I)jc. 0, l?5i. 3-j;...
ldm in istrator's Sale,
NOTICE is hereby given, thut I will sell
at public auction 011 tYday the 5ih !ay
1 f J niin.rv, 18 m. .t the rcs'dene? John 1.
Werver, 1 ite of M.nsh ill c un'y, lii.tittna, ic
c a:ed. nil bis j r vol r pei ty not t.-.keu by
the w idov, cotiitinp id hoes, c attle, sheep,
hops, wagons, p v. harn-ws, n sn e. ol cloer
heed hay, und a vniK'ty of other prop ry too
numerous to mention.
A Credit of nine months will be piven on all
sums over tl.r.e dollar.--, the pure barer giving
his note with approved security waiving val
uation and apprauement laws. On all uma
of three dollars an 1 under cash in haul.
CASrEK GKUHK. Admr,
Dtc. 9, 13S4. 39i3
Sheriff Sale.
T3V virtue of n execution to me directed
$ Trom-lht, CIerK.s offire of c Msl 1
j (Jirn.it court will expos to ullie sale at
the court house doot in the town of I'lvmouth.
in sani couniy, on haturuay jjvtt mier jc.n,
1S5I, between the hours often oYlotk a m.
nd four o'clock p m. on raid !y, the rents
and profits for seven years of t lie following
described real estate, to wit : lot i'4 in ib
original plat of Tipe auoe Town.
If the said rents and profits fail to r'.l fr
a sumsuflicient to raiis'y said exce'iti. - and
costs, will at the same time and plr offer
the fee simple title to t!.e same, wvi.-wt re
lied' from valuation und appfaismcn -.-vs
Exceuted as the property of Wil a 1 Vi .c, at
the suit of Tkomis G. Üariis.
J. L. THOMPSON. Sh'ff.
Nov.??, I 51. Mff.