Harsball (Cöimiii democrat
OFFICIAL PAPER, OF TUE COUNTY
D. &amp; P. HcDOHALD,::::::::::::::: Editors.
PLYMOUTH, THURSDAY.
JULY - - - - 21, 1859.
Messrs Rounds fc LAXcDOxnre our or.lv
authorized advertising Agents for Chicago
DEMOCRATIC COUNTY TICKET.
For Clerk,
NEWTON R. PACKARD.
For Commistitnmrt,
5a Pist. WILLIAM HUGHES.
2d Dur. STEPHEN A. FRANCIS.
Auclitor's Report--A gain.
In last week's Hepuhlican, the editor de
votes over a column in reply to our article
on the Audit? fs report. "NY havo read
his article on.refu.Hv, and are unable to see
wherein hi throws any new light on ti e
subject, in answer to our strictures. His
donbU as 1o tho ' authorship, amount to
nothing as ho admits. The ex-Auditor
furnished us the figures on which we based
our article. Ve requested him to do this,
from the fact that his knowledge of tho
books would enable him to brinir the items
together with less trouble and greater nc
curacy, and hence his issis;auce to that
extent.
In our article we did not attempt to de
fend the ox-Auditor or any of the reports
which he published; but our object was to
examine the report for thi year, and see
if it was correct. If the Republican failed
to exhibit the errors, if there were any, in
the reports published heretofore, it is no
argument that we should pursue the tame
course now, and permit the people to re
main in ignorance in regard to the true
stnte of our county finances.
We stated that the rail road stock had
been reported as so mucu receipts, and
thai orders a id interest were outstanding to
that amox:n, over and above what seemed
to j2 tho indebtedness of the county. The
Libra: v on!r, which has caused such a
jreni sensation in the Republican camp,
was issued long before the "ex-Auditor"
came lato office; consequently, if it was
not reported, it was no fault of his. Mr.
Dunham, v.-ho was Auditor from 1 C 14 to
1850, statrd in his first exhibit, that the
books hvi been kept in such a manner that!
it was impossible to ascertain from them die, a wero pleased to note the air of
the precise financi.il condition of the coun- prosperity which parvades every depart
ty; but the debts and credits were (as near j iiKnt of business in that thriving city,
as he could ascertain,) a3 set forth in his j The liberality, enterprise and industry of
report. That repo't was taken as the ba- j the citizens of the Star City, are known
sis ol all subsequent reports. If they are 1 and appreciated throughout the West,
incorrect, by reason of a wrong basis, the . During our stay there, we were the recip
f.iult is certainly not nttribu'able to the ex- j ient of civilities from W. S. Lisule, and
Auditor. Hut this is irrelevant to the
questions at issue, and wo have it to at
tend to matters directly in point.
The Republican says: "In regard to
the 80 OS for stationery purchased in
IC52 and '53, allowed at the June term,
we think every candid man will justify the
Auditor's course. It of right belongs to ' have no hesitancy in saying that it ii the
the expenses Of tho late dynasty, and they j most obnoxious beverage we ever tasted.
bliouM not attempt to shift iho odium and j Those who have become habituated to it
responsibility ot it by pleading irregularis j relish it very much. It has been analyzed
ty." Wo were not aware, until we read j by practical chemists, and found (o con
the above, that it was the duty of the Au-1 tain medical qualities. On onr return, we
ditor to make a distinction, in an official ( stopped at Huntington, and had a "time"
report, in reference to the politics of the with Tuonrsoy, of the Democrat, and
officer by whom the expense was incurred.
Was party spirit ever carried so far before
2 j 1, ? a - v O v tiiiivharn DlSii"
Is tho
the nnual exhibit of the Auditor design- j again, our salutation shall De, "rail iiei
ed for nothing more than an electioneering lers, Meli Wet!" At Ft. Wayne, we called
document rotten up to scivo the cause j at the Republican office, but found it ab-
of ths party haviug control of that office? j
We had supposed that the Auditor's re-
ports were pub.ished for the purpose of j D iwsox, the editor, who was in a reraark-mformin-the
reoplo in regard to the fi- j ble good humor, as editors generally are.
tnnrial condition of the countv, and "not
for electioneering purposes." as our Con-
gressman would say. This admission of
the Republican, taken in connection with
ti e whole tenure and bearing of the report,
clearly demonstrates to any unbiased mind
that pariyism dictated it. The plain
truth of tho mf.tter is, that the law requires
the order to bo reported, which were is
sued between the 1st day of June and the
SI st day of May, inclusive, and no others.
This order for stationery will be liable to
be reported next Juae, from the fact that
it Is nrmberd and registered among the
orders which were iaancd since the 31st of
May.
The editor of the Republican does not
claim that the Auditor was right in report
ing the Treasurer's collecting fees as so
rauch xpense, but says that "The Audit
or, however, seems to think that his report
in that particular is correct, and thinks
hJ can satisfy all candid men that it is.
who will take the trouble to investigate the
mattr."
Now, we profess to be candid in regard
to the matter: havo investigated it thor
oughly, and don't think it right in that
particular, or some others that wo have
named. We should like to bear the Au
ditor, tr the editor of the Republican, at
tempt to convince candid men that the
proper method of book-keeping is to
charge for amounts paid out and not give
orfitWi when received, or vice versa. If
this can be sa'isfactorily demonstrated, as
the "Auditor seems to think" U can, it
will obviate necessity of sending oar
young men away from home to gain a
commercial education.-. As we remarked
in our former article, the Treasurer was al
lowed, bylaw, to retain his fees (8681.)
ooi of the whole amount of county, schaol.
school hoase. road aJ sW M
which was apportioned among thero. and
deducted from them, the balance beinjthe
total receipts.
The most superficial observer can see at
glance, that the Auditor will fail to con
viwee business mon that even the 8224 re-
tained for collecting the county revenue,
should not have been charged as an item of
expense, unless that amount had been
added to the receipts.
The 364 reported as bein" paid to the
Treasurer for settling with the State, was
overlooked by the editor in his reply.
Come, Mr. Editor, explain, or get the Au
ditor to, as the "dynasty ' do not wish it
understood that they were in the habit of
paying the Treasurer out of the County
funds for settling with the State. The
county never paid that amount for that
; Y rtuiuuui lau
V e are tll of tho opinion that the Au-
a nor reported me county indebtedness at
least one thousand dollars more than it
reauy is, no matter whether the ex-Audit-
or s reports were right or wrong. The
statement that two individuals are known
to have 2400, would probably admit of a
slight modification. If tbey hold that
amount ot orders at tins time, there is no
0 ..I
deubt but many of them were issued at the
June term. If they held that amount on
the first of June, probably moro than half
of them have been redeemed. It matters
not, so lar as uns controversy is concern-
eu, wncuier mo county indebtedness is
oi.uuo or ??io,ooo; our position is, that
the Auditor has charged items aroountmor
o about one thousand dollars which should
not have been reported. If he can show a
different state of facts, wo should be clad
0 have him do so.
vi, ,r, i. t?-..t . i .i i
Vhen the liepubhcan makes the expla-
iiiuious we nave uemanaeu .in regard 10
the stationery order, the Treasurer's col
lecting fees, and fee for settling with the
State, wc will have a few more questions to
poke at him, and hope he will answer
them without any equivocation, as the
people are anxiously enquiring about these
matters, thinking, perhaps, that if the
. .... . . I
countv indebtedness is overrated note, it
mv noMihW ha undent at snma future
. 1 "
ifjic. I
itiTL?.st week we took a trip to Lafay-
employees, ol the Courier, ana Irons a
number of personal friends, whose kind
ness in showing us the "sights" will be
remembered. The most notable feature
in the city, of a public nature, is the Ar
tesian Well, of which the citizens are just
ly proud. Haring tried the water, we
some of the best boys ve ever "lagered"
with. Our opinion about them is, that they
are decidedly "some." If we ever meet
dicated. Stepping into th Times office
we 6pent an hour very pleasantly with
Next, we came home on the P., Ft. W. &amp;
C. R. R.. which we found in "good run
ning order."
;j3TThe talk about town, this week has
been upon various subjects, some of which
arc of interest to some of our readers; and
if the rest don't want to hear they had bet
ter put cotton in their ears. A Mat? from
North Townshipstopped at Bnnkleys
Hotel, in this place, one night last week.
and had fifty dollars stolen from him, by
some "friends" who were rooming with
him. That's talk about town, anyhow;
whether it's so or not. The talk is, that
the R'v. Mr. Watkins last Sunday night
asked the meanest man in church to go
oat, but he didn't go. For being drunk
and a little too noisy, Ben. Klinger ar
rested and look to the Calaboose a youug
man from the Country, whose name we
withhold, heping that he will go and sin r.o
more xfho upon examination, was found
guilty, before Esq. McFarliu, and a fee of
seven dollars and costs satisfied the oflend-
ed dignity of the law. A Girl stopped at
Gambnlls Exchange the other day got
work lor a day r two, and when she left,
she appropriated to her own use Mra. Gam
brill's ear-rinss. When Mr. G. found her
she said the ear-rings were a present from
her brother, but finally concluded to give
them up. A gentleman down town had a
nice Masonic breast-pin picked from him
tho other day. by some fellow whose cun
osity could not be satisfied vrithoat possess-
in or it. A few shirta were stolen from
sundry places around town one evening
last week, but as there is very little said
about it around town, we mearly mention
it as having occurred. A fewr articles of
little valane were taken from the depot,
Sunday night, that's all.
jfrSe-methiag new endurable weather.
Democratic Slate Conven
tion. The day appointed by the Central Com
mittee for holding the Democratic State
Contention, seems to giro genoral dissat
isfaction, in all parts of the State. - It las
heretofore been the custon of the party to
bold their Conventions on the Cth of Janu
ai7 bnt as that day jcoraes cn Sunday this,
Je th Committee selected the Monday
following. A more inconvenient day of
h6 could not have been chosen, for
tne attendance of delegates. We join in
tn0 general opinion that the Convention
should beheld on a later day of the week,
n order to insure a full attendance. This
ohasgo can be made without arousing any
I1" wHinga, ana we hope it will be done.
m-Jvl t. v " T
3T The Italian war is just now mgross-
I atlVHblVIl v m tu VI 4IVU (IUI ivi
So far m heard from, the Allies ( Sardini-
ans and Ffwtich) Lave proved more than
equals for their opnents, th Austrians.
In the war which has been recently com
menced, two of the bloodiest battles of tho
JDth century have been ugh t Magenta
and Solfernio. At the late battle an account
of which was published last week, the en-
hire loss of life was not far short of 50.000
20,000 French and between 25,000 and
30,000 Austrians. Nearly a half million
trained soldiers met at the battle, and the
result shows auunparalled destruction, of
fruman yli9m At last accounts the Austri
an. were DreDarinfr for another battle, which
hat probably been fouzhtere this.
ST0ur Marshal has been enforcing
lne ordinance to prohibit horses irom run
n,nff loose ,n lhe streets, lis lias taten
UP two or lliree belonging to persons in
town, who turned them out to graze on
. . f
'em all alike.
2TThe rain, last Monday, was the
m0st welcome visitor our country has had
since the advent of warm weather. Our
farmers should cive it credit for at least
one-fourth their crop of cora and potatoes.
T.I T ' T 1.- 1. 1 1 1.
r un i. urouw w. na ic.u me
Perrin House at Bourbon, and will tike
:.!.:. r... n" t
possession ma ursi ui iiuusi. n uu'v:
he mav be successful in his new occupa-
tion.
iSf-Godey's Lady's Dook for August
.J T. .V. Ur.at T. olio's Xf-irr.
axine on our ExciiZZZ lst- We are stil1
furnishing it at 82,50 iu donation with
the Democrat. Terms $3, per yar: Ad
dress L. A. Godey Philadelphia.
-The smallest Uttls thing we have
heard of lataly is a Democrat'c Pwst'Mtsler
in one of the out Townships of the County
subscribing for tho Democrat to "keep up
appearances" and selling it to get his
money back.
9
jtSTPeterson's Magazine for August,
with its usual ameuut of wit, wisdom.
'woman fixins." tfce. For a magazine
that ii worth the subscription pnci, take
Peterson's. Price 2.
jCSThe August No. of Arthur's Home
Maraziue is at hand. It aims for the good
ot the people, and to be a magazine fit for
the home circle, and it has not mistook
its mission.
JKTOur youtig friend G. B. Likdsay,
Esq. if now carrying on the news business
alone. Alf. Wjelltok having withdrawn.
Weare.under obligations for favors receiv
ed. 3TWe understand that in Bourbon,
one day last week, a little child was run
ning on the carpet, and fell and struck its
head on the rocker of a chair, breaking its
neck, and causing instant death.
1 I I 4-
little boy eight years old, son of
Joseph LaPierre, ef South Bend, was
drowned onlast Monday. He was playing
in the mill race, and going to far inte the
current, was carried down.
jC"We understand that the meeting at
Pearsonville last Saturday resulted in pass
ing Resolutions to the afict that if the Ft.
Wayne k Chicago Rail Road did not pay
up in thirty days, up comes the track !
The "citicens" are getting desperate up
about Pearsonville; the track has been
"soaped" and a bundle of Telegraph wrie
has be in used to impede the progress of
trains. No damage done.
Jüan Killed at Valparaiso.
The freight train coming from the west
last night, run over two Irishmen at Val
paraiso, killing one instantly, and injuring
the other so severely that there is little
hotwj of rccoTerr. The circumstances
were: The train stopped at the station,
and while there, -he nen, both intoxcated.
attempted to pass between the cars; they
became entangled among the wheels, when
the train started, passing over both of
them. There is no blame attached to
any one except themselves, as those con
rected with the train knew nothing of their
danger.
i-M. A. Kidwell and W. C. Bhirley
started for ye Peak, this morning. We
hope they may have better luck than their
unfortunale predecessors.
SHon. Rufus Choats, one of the first
of American statesmen and jurists, and a
most estimable man, filed on the 13th inst.
He was a resident of Boston. .
JtSTRead the new advertisements.
JCJTD. E. Sickles has resumed marital
relations with hi .wifr. Verily, "the dog
retumelh to his vomit."
ZMr. Joseph Hume died of Con
sumption, in Bourboa, last Tuesday,
JLe I tcr Ironi c, Belau gee.
I HEARD ! I WKNT ! I I SAW 1 I !
Dead wood Diggings, June, t5.
Deau Spexcer: I have been waiting
patiently tor something to turn up worth
writing about, and suro enough I have it
although 1 expect you have heard all, and
more too. I cann from the Gregory Dig
gings they ar taking out the gold in
thousands per week, in a new kind of diV
gings to Californians (you will see it in
a i . i . . .i .
vjreeiy s report ne was mere, made a
speech last Thursday, took items, made a
report, had it printed here, and sent it to
the Inbune). Theio discoveries aro in
leads between rocks from four inches to
two fret wide, and no knowing how deep
yieiaing ainerent sums to the pan some
times ten dollars to the pan, and some
um not mu cni. mere are are some
few claims that will yield from fifty to on
hundred dollars per day, to tho man one
man to pick, one to haul on a hand eled
in a bag, and then carry the sled back-
two to wash. 1 his is a regular business
since they have commenced and sot fairly
io worK. (now it would hurt our return
ed company, if they could see the dust
through a glass, sitting by their fire-sides
at home!) More anon.
I have had word sent to me twice to
ome ovor, that they had claims staked off
for me I started off, footed it over the
mountains both times a distance of some
twelve miles but Enoch's proved wclh
lens, or no lead at all. Enoch is ou. of
luck, but if perseverance, pick and shorsl.
are the bowors, lam suro to lift the pile.
T 1 4'T i .
i Keep aguii uppor up, and "iwy time
wish I'd turned back with the rest of the
company 1 am bound to have the p-old.
a O
for "I feel it in my bones." as dad Vin-
nedge says. Let us tro back to Gregory's
diggings I went over last Sunday," after
being invited Saturday night to come, and
as I was going through among the wag
gons, tents, crush shanties, and some few
log cabins covered with spruce pine, brush
and dirt, it was a curiosity to se their dif
ferent occupations the old, with specta
cles, the middle aged and the young wri
ting, and all, I presume, on ditferent busi
ness and subjects some on business of
profit, and others to their loved ones at
home (an article that Enoch has not cot).
Some with tail gates of waggons, and lots
i ii
wun gout pans or pine jogs, and every po
sition that could bo thought of for writin
letters. Some cooking for the week to
come, or already come, some singing 'hal
lelujahs.' while others war sinirin 'Bar-
bary Ai!ei' A man commenced playing
on a uugje, very wS:J as I supposed,
but tho hills made such a halloo!ö In re
sponse, that the player got ashamed and
quit thi? was at night. Now for the
morning some one had a. .rooster that
crowed in tho morn:ng, and' probably a
hundred men tried to beat; the noise caus
ed a mule te bray, and for nearly a mile
in every directior. might be heard the bray
ing of men in imitation, and I am not
ashamed to say that I cojM not tell the
mule fiom the men. Enough on this sub
ject. Hundreds are coming here daily, and are
returning by fifties, swearing that it is all
a humbug, and in some respects it is, for
there are only a ijw who get gold. This
kind of mining is a new thing to many,
and many have not their Isads open, and
sluices ready to work, but are progress
ing very fast. Some forty or fifty men
with saws going steady, tnd principal! all
for sluices. There is hsrdly a housa with
floor O" door, as all othei business monop
oly and speculation arc set aside, and the
digging made the order ot the day.
The finder of a new nine is entitled to
trfo claims, one as discovering claim, and j
the other he will stake off for Tom, Dick,
and Harry, and then ommence selling,
some pay and some do nt. Gregory, the
first discoverer, told nie 'hat he had sold
more than 8100,000 vrorth of claims in
about a month. lie sold his last and best
claim last Monday, for $40,000 the men
opened it and took out &amp;5 to tho pan.
Gregory eays he will giv S10.000 to rue
back again. II sells claims, payments to
be made weekly after th3 buyer can get to
work, or all that is made over expenses,
under forfeiture of the claim. His income
amounted to 81,000 before the last 840,
000. They are allowed fifty by one hun
dred fest for a claim, and probably this is
more than five midd?5Aged men would dig
in their life-time the claims are toolarge,
it don't giv enough i chance to work.
Now for my prospects. I am at Dead
wood diggings, the timber all being killed
for thousands of acrei together; the creek
is called St. Vraiu't fcrk; some call the
diggings Jeffeason diggings, after a town
laid outon the creek, but 'nary' housa in
the town. I am in company with three
others; we hold a claim tt three hundred
feet up and down the crek, we commenc
ed turniag the creek, bu: the snow in sight
of us began to melt and swelled tho creek
to quite a river, and washed away the dams
which were built, and it has kept rising
till a few days past. "VYe turned in the
ground sluices off the tp dirt, thinking
tho crsek would fall sooa, but we were all
disappointed. W hav given up any cer
tain time to commence ttki ng out the gold,
and have been trying .'o find some dry dig
gings till tha water fails, but have foond
nonoasyet. Our daim is thought to be
the best on the creok.the best judges think
it tobe 'ounce digghgs' more than that
was taken out before the creek raised. I
have not taken out a dollar as yet, - but
hava done lots of hard work, aud working
in the wet so much causes my fingers to
cramp, s that I havo to stop writing eve
ry few minutes to tub and straighten them.
I would like to hav time, and will take
time, to tell you hör P. Smith cursed the
country, and swore it was not the place
for geld, and got ah but Enoch to believe
it and turn back, vhile I plead fr them
' to stay as long as the provisions lasted save
enough to take usbicfc if they- had stay
ed as I wished, and went to Gregory dig
gings, we might now, in all probability
i - nil thousands, for tha
Ilia ' o u J 1 i ii ill u - ---news
had just got in from the mountains
i WM
Capt. Sopris and others put in and got
claims before so many got in. Our boys
would not even let us havo a big hunt and
recruit our horses; no heme they must
go by harvest; that was all their cry.
will, write agaiu shortly. Yours,
ENOCH BELANGEE
P. S. When I have time and my fingers
don t cramp so bad, I will write to my
friends through the papers and tell them
whether it is worth while to come. As
yet I cannotadvise them to come, but they
can do so if they choose there is plenty
of gold if they can get it. E. B.
Important from Washing
ton. Washington July, 19.
Private advices from Tuscoa Arizona
to July 2, states that Peschiera had arriv
ed at HermosoIIo, and announced his in
tention of driving all the Apache Indiana
north of the line with the aid of a Sonora
battalion.
The revolt of the Gagui and Apache- In
dians seemed to have teen suppressed;
but another has broken out in tho northern
part of Sonora, and a band of four hundred
men, under a Papago Indian leader, were
doing great damage to property.
It was expected that Lieut. Mowery and
Edward Cross, the Arionian, would tight a
duel on the 5th of July. Lieut. Mowrey's
grievance is an abu-ive letter concerning
him communicated to the Slate's newspa
per of this city.
1 he Indians in Anions continue their
depredations. A company of volunteers
are in pursuit of them.
lhe Secretary oi the Interior has. under
the act of March 3, 1859 making appro
priations preliminary to the eight census
appointed Mr. James C. G. Kennedy to
laKrt direction ot the work.
It is n well asertained fact, known to tho
Indian bureau, that very many of the dis
turbances are justly attributable to the en
croachment of the whites on the reserva
tions set apart for Indians by the general
goverr.msnt. The whites having once ob
tained possession, there is no way, th U.
S. military forc6 bein small, to dispossess
mem, ana sometimes, in consequence ot
their remaining unlawfully on the soil, new
i j .
ireawes nave io oo made wun the Jnduns,
who are thus continually harassed in their
affairs.
Owing to the inadequate number of In
dian agents it has been found impossible
n every case to carry out all tho treaty ob
igation, or in time to impress tho Indians
tavorably by an exhibition of our irood faith
and to proven dissatisfaction arising: from
uniuitiuea pledges.
A letter from Genoa, Juno 26, says:
The organization of the Hungarian Legion
rapidly advances. It is in accordance with
a decree of the Sardinian government, by
which, so long as the legion remain in It
aly, it is suhject to the orders f the Sar
dinian Ministry, and must take the oath of
fidelity to the King. Cut as soon as it is
upon Hungarian soil this obligation ceases
and th Legion bocoms the nueleusof the
Hurigapan army. The first Hungarian
brigade is a!;dy organixad. Its depot
is at Acqui. under conjod of Col. Ihasz.
The 6econd briga le ts ia process of organ
ization uder Col. N. Kiss. Col. Sreter is
organizing tho java'ry.'
Rev. Alexander Clark, Editor of the
"School Visitor," says:
Wc have had ample opportunities d-iring the
last few weeks, of witnessing the practical work
ings of the Iron City College. Having been in al
most daily intercourse witli the Teachers and Stu
dent?, in the study room, and at ths different recita
tions. We have only to say that thoroughness
and intense interest characterize every perform
ance. Students are arriving daily from all parts of
the country, and the number now in attendance is
larger by far, than any similar college East or Weet.
Mr. Jenkins, the Principal, is a gentleman of the
strictest inte'ity, and the entire faculty is com
posed of competent and faithful instructors. Ev
erv inducement announced in the widelv diffused
advertisements of this institution, is here promptly
carried out, m the course of gtud and discipline
which this college has won its present reputation."
PLYMOUTH MARKET.
CORRECTED WF.EKl.t
H. Q. THAYER &amp; CO.,
Produce and Commission Merchants.
WAREHOUSE NEAR THE DEPOT.
WHEAT Red, bu $1 00
do white ) bu 1 00
CORN "t bu
bo
50
' 60
4 00
90
10
12
12
1 50
OATS - bi
POTATOES bu
FLOUR cwt...
MEAL corn fbu.,
EGOS 1 doz
BUTTER p lb...
LARD f fc
CHICKENS 13 doz
SALT f?bbl 2 00
BEANS 13 bu 1 00
2 00
WOOD y cord 1 50
HAY marsh ton 4 00
do tame do 5 00
TANDARK i? cord 2 00
HAMS sugar cured p R 15
Shoulders do 11
BEEF dried do 15
HUCKLEBERRIES pqt 8
BLACKBERRIES do 8010
If
nnr umw
Ali In illUUUl iiiuiioii
III II it I It I
CASH! CASH!! CASH!!!
$500, $1000, S3000!
EveTy man in Marshall County and surrounding
conntry has now a real chance for making the above
sums at any time, by calling on me and securing
the following tracts or parcels of choice ind extra
lands in the county of Maries, State of Missouri.
I have over 2000 acres in lots of 40, 80, and 160
acres, seven miles from Vienna, the county seat,
and eight totwelrc miles from the railroad and 2
miles from Gasconade River. Also 320 acres of
choice land in Crawford County, 12 miles from
railroad. AUo 320 acres in Wayne County two
miles from railroad. All of theso lands or parcels
of landaare of the vry best quality. They are
no graduated, or one shilling on acre land ; they are
all in the heart of a thickly settled and fast growing
country, I will sell 40 80 and 160 acre pieces, or
more, and any person can go and see the land and
if they don't" prove as represented then no sale.
I will trade for improved lanes about here or for
cash, on good terms now is your time without de
lar. 'Call on the Agent CIIAS. WHITMORE,
At his Ware House at the Depot.
N I am also Agent for the Charter Oak
Life Insurance Company, ol Hartford Ct. For
information call on cae and get a pamphle t. .
Plymouth Graded School
This School will commence its full term of 12
weeks on Monday, the first day of August. Tho
terms of tuition, plan of instruction, and conditions
of membership will be the same as they have been
during the Spring term. Snitable assistants will
be employed when found Decessry for the best in
tercsts ot the School.
II C BURLINGAME,
Plymouth July 12 33t3 Principal.
CpGJXHave enlarged their business, and en-
paped competent workmen to do all
-kinds of
BUGGY &amp; CARRIAGE
Making and repairing. Tliey continue to mnke
W A (tr Ü ET
And do all kinds of repairing, smithing And wood
work. Thej have employed Mr. W. KELLY to tnke
charge ; of 'this department, where all work in this
line will be doie to order, with nromntnes. ami
line will be doie to order, with promptness, and
in good nyie.
HORSE-SHOEING.
July 21 341y
DR. A. 0. BORTON,
SURGEON DENTIST.
Whole or partial seta of Teeth inserted on
the most approved plan?. Fpecial atten
tion mid to the preservation of the natural teeth,
and irrepuhirit y ot Children's teeth corrected.
r anprs and dilhcii't tceca extracted with or without
Chloroform. Can be consulted at his office at anj
tune except on .uonuaysana lucBdars.
Office in Pershing's block, upstairs, corner Mich
igan and Garro streets f341vl
Shaving, Hairdressing,
bathing' rooms,
On Michigan St., a few doors south of the Edwards
House, where
Hot, Cold, and Shower Baths
Can be had at all time?. Thankful for past fa
vors, the subscriber respectfully solicit a contin
uance of public patronage. A. BILLOWS.
3-H.r-j
STATE OF INDIANA.
STARKE COUNTY. SS:
In Starke Common Fleaa Court, September Term,
1859
Notice 13 hereby given that Joseph P Austin,
Administrator of the estate of Thomas Moran,
deceased, has filed his petition to sell the real es
tate of the decedent, his personal property being
insufficient to pay hi debt, f nd tint said petition
will be heard at the next term of the Court of
Common PIcuf, to be holden at the Court Ilouee in
rviiox on uie iouriu Monday ot September, IbiJ.
j
:'V
JU1IM SUfc.LEK,C C P C S C,
Porter, Att'y J E Short, dent.
juhl-31t3
Sheriff's Sale.
By virtue of an execution and order of sale to
me directed from the Clerk of the Marshall Cir
cuit Court, I will offer for sale as the law directs at
the court house door, in Plymouth Maninil Co lnd
on Thursday the, 2Sth day of August 1659,between
the hours of 10 o'clock a m and 4 o'clock p m, of
said day, the rents and profits for a term not exceed
ing seven years, of the following described real es
tate in Marshall County Indiana, to-wit:
West half of the north east quarter, the south
cost quarter of the north east quarter and the south
east quarter of seet;on thirty one; and the north
west quarter of section thirty-two; and the north
east quarter and the north east quarter of the north
west quarter of section thirty-three, township
thirty-four, range one east.
Also the north cast quarter of the south west
quarter of section twenty-nine; the west half of
the south east quarter of section thirty, and the
north half of section thirty -one, in township thirty-four,
north of range two east, containing in all
of said tract of land ten hundred and eighty
acres, more or less.
If such rcnU and profits will not sell for a sum
sufficient to sstisfv said judgment, interest, costs
and accruing cot., I will at the same time and place
offer for sale the fee simple in und for said real
estate, or so much thereof as mav be necessary to
satisfy said dem.mds.
Taken as the pror ertv of Edwla A Wales and
Mary E Wales at the suit of Alexander 11 .New
I.puM.
34w3s3 50 O. M. BARNARD, Sheriff.
SHERIFFS SALE.
BY Tirue. of an execution to me directed from
the Clerk of the Marstu'U Common ric.is
Court, I will offer for sale aa the I.-Ih directs, at the
court house door in the town of Plymouth, county
of Marshall, and State of Indiana, on Wednesday
the 19th day of August. 1859, between the hours
of 10 o'clock a ra and 4 o'cioek p m of paid
day, the rents and profits for a term not exceeding
seven year, of the following described real estate
in said county of Marshall, and State of Indiana,
to-wit:
The south-weit quarter of the south-east quar
ter of section seven, (7) in township thirtv-two (32)
north of raDge number two (2) cast, containing
forty acres, more or less; ai!?o the north-west part
of the north east quarter of section eighteen, (18)
township thirty-two (32) north of range number two
(2) east, containing forty acre?, be i'ae same more
or les..
If such rents and profits will not sell for a suffi
cient suni to satisfy said juiigmcn , interct, costs
and accruing costs, I will at the same time and place
ullci fo- tho fee simple in and for said real
estate, or 60 much thercot as imtj be necesarv to
satisfy said demands.
Taken as the property of Silas Ileighv anai,r.
tin Wygant at the suit of William Parker and
Isaiah Brook.
jul21-34td3 0 M HARVARD, Sheriff
Notice to Heirs of Petition to
Sell Real Estate
State of Indiana Marshall Countv:
Notice is hereby given that Frederirtj Hoover
Administrator of th estate of Frederick Hoover
deceased, has filed his petition to sell theWal en
tate of the deceased, his personal propcrtV bein
insufficient to pay his debts; that said pctitii will
be heard at the next term of the Court otVora
mon FIcae of said Countv.
attest: N R TACKARD, CCPM
31t3
Sheriffs Sale.
Ptf viritd nn atdp.i 1 1 An ff try a HirnrfAfl f rfti
he' Clerk of the Marshall Circuit court
will offer for sale as the law directs, at the court
House door in the town ot Plymouth Marshall
County Indiana on Saturday the 6th of August,
1859, between the hours of 10 o'clock a m aud 4
o'clock p m of said day, the following described
real estate situitc in Marshall County Indiana, to
wit: The south half of the east half of the south
cast quarter of section 19 township 33 north of
ran;e 1 east 19 acres; also one other piece con
taining 60 acres except 20 acres from the west side
thereof, eommencing at the north-east corner of
section 30 running CO rods west on section line,
thence 160 rods south thence CO rods east thence
ICO rods to the place of beginning containing 60
acres, in Marshall Co., north of range 1 east town
6hip 23 in the north-east quarter o f said ection,
Taken as the property of Christopher McQuis-
tin at the suit of Joseph Vancamr.
33w3$2,50 O. M. BARNARD Sheriff.
MAP OF MARSHALL COUNTY.
The undersigned j-ropose getting up a Litho
graph Map of Marshall County, (if sufficient en- i
couragement is given.) containing the Civil and '
Congressional Townships, Sections, and the small
er subdivisions, with the owners' names thereon;
Water Courses, Towns, Post-Offices, principal
Stte and Count Roads. Rail Roads. Mill. T.la
Churches, kc, ic. It will be 63x63 inches, in-1
side of the heading and references.
If a sufficient number of subscribers are obtain-1
ed, it will be ready for delivery m November next
TERMS:
One copv. $3 00
Clothback and rollen, 4 00
J. Ii. N. KLING ER,
t. Mcdonald.
Plymouth, June 23, 1859.
NOTICE. The Wolf Creek Mills w,ll be
stopped about the first of July, for the pur
pose of repairing; they will be in operation by the
15th. Onr customers will pleas take jotice.
jun23-30t3 " M. 'tK.
IIÄIÄ BIÄLJPTE AHMT.
T. MCDONALD,
Real Eslale Agtent &amp; Notary Public,
ornct over mercer clotuing rrott,
PLYMOUTH, : . INDIANA.
pvRAWa DEEDS. SUrtApeS, and
IS
A T i .....
and furniilics Abstract ef the san.it : pavaTaxe?.
- - f i a JtviiiiiiVE I uirvf.
ana veaeemi i .una aoia lor laxes
REFERENCES:
; Hon. Jon B Nile .'..Laperte
. r- a...i. t..i
roiuiAM Eddy, South Bend,
u N Fitch, Loganport,
J W Dodd, Auditor of Statr, Indianapolis,
Sor- D Batle, Es-, Ft. Warne,
It D Log ax, Kaq IltishviHe,
S C Stetem, Ej Madhion,
E W II Eu.ie, Es(i Goshen,
A L Wheeler, Fq H mouth,
G W Smtlib, Esq f.emsclaer,
rijmoutli, June 23 30tf.
4
tt
I
I
4
INEVITABLE ! ! !
Higlilr Important from Europr!!
The Emperor of France at
the Head of half a -Million
Soldiers!
The E mpress proclaimed Regent
during the Emperor's Absence!
BUT in the event of all these stranje facts
do not fail to rt member the
MI ZX -m -m ot h
HARDWARE STORE
Xo. 1, AVestervelt'a Block,
PLYMOUTH:, IND.
Now properted hj
BUCK &amp; T0AH.
Successors to I.. Crane .V. Co., who are selling all
kinds of goods usually found iu Hardware Store,
consisting iu part of
Cook, Parlor s Plate Stores
Copper,
Slieot-:
w 3rl ns I
Fxtty9
Agricultural Implements'
Saddlery and Coach HARDWARE,
Oixtloiry",
Xicadf dbc, dbc, efce.
Together with a hot of other thing too numerous
to put in type. Wc would state to the pood people
of Northern Indiana, who purchase their II rd ware
in Plymouth, tlicr willalwnr find ns in rea'linef
to show them our good, and in all easef will rind
them as represented. We do not adrertisc to pell
at cost, hut will sell at afair advance on manufac
turer! price?, and as che.tp as the cheapest, for
Our TIX SHOP is in good running order, and we
would solicit any work you way want done in that
line, at low rices, and with despatch. We 1iat
recently taken up our abode w Uli you, and intend to
make it our home. TVould ak all who are in want
of any poods in our line, to give ui a cIl before
purchasing, and we trust, by giving strict attention
to your wants indby giving jou good goods, to
nierit a share c f your patronage. Dont fail to give
n. aut. keneinbcr the place, one door south of
Westerveii. iv floods Store.
c. c. bcck,? " Your?, Verv Reepectfullv,
c. e. TOA.f BUCK k TO AN.
June 2 27
High Wages for labor
Don't work hard and then buy things at high pri
ces, when yovi can get twice as much for your
money. I want large quantities of
Sfl
For tanning.
I want all the
there is in the country to be had. When you
ALare got eithr to sell, bring them to the Hort o
A- C- STALEY
mVymouth and I will gire you a better price and
Than a other man can or dar do for the tame
amount V BARK, HIDES, or any other kind f
PW2 O 1TI VfE
.Come and see tne.
"Heaiine iildievinr. and seeine ia ksowins.
That's a TurKUj, prorerb, and if jou come to
"see" me and 'Vir' tnr prices for good, tou
will bcliere' andvn0w' that 1 can do better by
you than any man n v mouth.
J have eu hand a fc00d stock 0f
Dry 'Goods,
GROCERIES AND NOTIONS. STA
PLE AND FAXc.y GOODS
i Of all kinds suited to the inrlct. lam a plain
looking, honest talking and fir dealing man, mean
Must what I MT-io just as I K2Tro a ltd idiall sue-
ceed in benefiting you if you Win lt tne. That
old and well kno n Tanner
S. S. STALEY,
Will turn your hides into leather at the shortest
notice and in the best manner, and baring a 'Home
Market, we can pay more than those who bur to
ship. Call on
3f A. C. STA LEV.
STRAYED from the subscriber, living in Weit
township, on the 19th, a two rear Old ware
Colt. biown. no white on her, tall and licbt built.
Anyperson retarding her, or giving information,
will be suitably rewarded. Address
Slt3 JOHN LOWRY, Plymouth, lnd.