THti VERMONT PIKBNIX
VERMOifT llBFUBllCAN
II PublUtW etcfy Saturday Morning, at
nnAfTLEnonOj vt.
OrricE Ko. t Oimsitb How, Dwiskll's Dlock.
TERMS: 1.M pet ftttt to r!nglc stfbscflbcrs ( J 1.25 per
year In elubf of 30 or mora ; Id nil cases Cath in wtvanet.
CHAS. CUMMINOS, l'unLisnr.it.
POSTAGE. T1IK YEftMON? FIItENIX It sent Into all
Ihl towns of Windham Comrty free of Postage. To any part
of tlili Bute out of this Cotfnty, for 13 cfnl( per year) else,
where 20 cenu per yearpayments In all caiee to b made
quarterly In advance.
TWENTV-8IXTII VOLUME-. FIFTH OF NEW SKIIIF.9.
MST OP AO K NTS,
To whom payment! tor THE f EfiUONT l'IKENIX, for
J0, may oe rosue
WestBrattlelmro. A. BUNKLEBl llrookllne.O. W.STEB.
MN3 Uorer, LYM AN 1IUIIII; West Dover, WM. II. JONKS
Dummerston, II. A. KNIOHTi Wet Duraracrston. 8. W.
WILSUN UraRon, BKMJ. W. IRAN Uullforil, KI.MKIl
MAS0N llullford Centre, 8. I.. SlilLKVI Orccn Hirer,
JOHN U. WALK Kit Jamacla, ORIN HNOWLTONI Hall,
fax, STEPHEN NILES Weil Halifax, A. II. TUCKEIt)
D'mm iionuoimerry, , ki, rimtur. j ai.nuoro, t.
LYNDEl FaretteTllle. J. DUNKLRK. Jlt.f Wltllamsvllle.
SAMUKLIlROWNl Putney, WM.1I0UUIIT0N Balton'l
Hirer, 0. W. FAIitllrtOTIIKKi Cambrldgepoft, A. A. WY-
K.1,., QVIlinitl. J, Jk. MUl.dt .U'UlllI A.
KNOWLTON Tonnshend, O. llUTTErtrlELr, Went
HED; Wardsboro, HOLLAND 1'LIMlTONl Westwards,
boro. LI1IERTY WILOEm South Wardsboro. 11. W. Kill.
lownsnenu, r. V, AWll'.it crnon,AulilBi,n WHIT.
1)EH Westminster, II. G.LANKi Westminster West, II. W,
ItAMflLlN j Whltinitbam, II, N. IIIX Jacksonville,
u. i . iiiiuillUUll) limington.uiVLUr.Il DMlill winn.
ham, WM. II ARMS Jr.) South Windham, EZRA PIF.RCK,
JR. CheiterlleM, N. II., II. 0. COOLIDUKl Hinsdale. N.
II., O. J. AMIDON Winchester, N. II., JC. M. FonBES;
jiorin uernarasion,aiB.,n. i', uiiAl in
BUSINESS CARDS.
CHARLES CHAPIN, AUCTIONEER k
Agent to sell Real Estate. Applications from thlf ami
neighboring towns to irlll be attended to at abort notice and Ml
raroraoie terms.
BratUeboro, March 1, 1853. 9
KATHAN &amp; IIHIGOS, Dealers in nil kinds
of Marble, Slate, Soap-Stonr, Ac. ttShon near the
Kallroad Crossing, opposite Crosby It Co.'s Flour Mill,
DRATTLKBORO, VT.
DAVENPORT &amp; HA SKINS, Attorneys
and Counitllora &amp;t Lair ami Sollcttori In Chinctrj.
WILMINOTON, VT.
C. K DAnxrorr, K. IIaskixs.
GEOHGE IIOWK, Attorney &amp; Counsellor
at Law, nod lollcltor and Maiter In Chnnccry,
DItATTLEDOHO, YT.
J Totb, Fancy Goods, Dooki, Stationery, Newipaptri,
alagaxlnes and rerlodlcalt.
Hubicrlntlon rtcc.Ttrf fcr the rrlnclnat Newinancn and
Magazines, and forwarded ly Halt or other w lie.
BILLIARD HALL, Cutler's Block,
Opposite Rerere House, I1RATTI.EB0R0, VT.
Winant's Celebrated Slate and Wont! Bed Taolcs, with the
New Stylo Cushion. TT Closed at 10 1'. M.
T EVEHE HOUSE, IHurrLF.nono, Vt.,
JtV Br STEVENS : SON,
lilts Proprietors of the Eagle Hotel, Woodstock.
CW. HOItTON, M. I)., Miysi.
clan and Sargeoo, No. 3 Blake'j Bulldfnri
IJUATTLEUORO. YT.
BANIEL KELIiOGG, Attoiinevand
Counsellor at Law, Rcmored from Saxtan'a Hirer to
leboro. CT Office oyer the Sarlngi Hank.
E
cuosnY &amp; co.. M11.1.EKS and
Wholesale dealers In FLOUR AND OKAIN,
no. o IJiaKC-l 1IIOCK, mtAllLLUltUUU, T.
E. Crosby. I. O. Chandler. W. (Jains.
IN. THORN, Druggist &amp; AroTiin-
eiar, opposite the l'ost Office, BllATTLEBORO, VT.
JH. &amp; W. H. ESTEHIUtOOK,
Manufacturers and Dealers In Empire State, Victor,
Stewart's and Oenesee Valley Cook Stores, ParlVr and Box
Stores and Hot Air Furnaces.
Also: Flows, Culttrators. ltoad Scrapers, Churns, Iron
Sinks, Russia and English Store Pipe, and all kinds of Store
Furniture, Japan and Common Tin Vt are.
No. 1 Exchange Block, BllATTLEBORO, VT.
HEUSTIS &amp; MURNAP, Harness
Trunk, Yallio and Collar Manufacturer! and Carriage
Trimrncri.
Repairing articles In the abore bualneis punctnaltj attend
ed to. MalnSt.. onpoilte American Ilonae,
UK ATI LEBORO, VT.
J. V. llevittl. J. W. Bnmaii.
BRADLEY &amp; KELLOGG, Attorneys and
Counsellors at Law and Solicitors In Chancery. Office
opposite the BratUeboro House, Bratttleboro, Vt.
J. D. Bradley. Gen. 11. Kellogg.
"VfTOODCOCK &amp; VINTON, Paper Jlanu-
YY facturers. All kinds of llnting Taper made to or
der. Cash paid for White and Brown Rags. BratUeboro,
VU
JOSEPH STEEN, HooVscllcr, Publisher aid
Stationer, corner of Main and High Sts., BratUeboro, Yt.
s.
ivery.
', Main
7 ble. In the rear of the BratUeboro House,
Street,
urauieooro, vs.
PSIMONDS, Jlanufaeturcr and Dealer
In Ladies', Misses', Children's and Boy's Boots, Shoes
Ualteri and Ilubberl, opp. the l'ost Office, Maln-St., Vraltle
boro, YU
T G. MEAD, Attorney and Counsellor
1 J v at Law, practicing In the Courts of Vermont and New
Hampshire, AQtxroTTaijETPfA Fire Insurance Uampa
isy.aod IKinrfAam County Mutual do. Also, Agent to pro
euro Pensions, -and Bounty Land. Commissioner for tha
SUtes of New York and New Hampshire, California and
Notary Tublle.
s
S. JOY, Homeopathic Veterinary
- Snrreon. will attend to alt cases of Diseases of Horses.
House on n aioui street, uraiucooro, t s.
GF. GALE, Surgeon and Physician
Office No. &amp; Brick Row, directly opposite BratUeboro
House, BratUeboro, Vt. Boards at BratUeboro House.
HARRINGTON &amp; DELON,
BllATTLEBORO, YT.
Ornamental, Sign, House and Carriage PAINTING. Grain
tog, Wood and Marble Imitation, Banner, Frcscoo and Deco
ratlro Painting of all kinds.
For Sals Paints, dry and mixed, Varnishes, Oil, Japan,
Turpentine. Olass, Brushes, Pencils, tc, kc.
Oso. Uiaaiiuroit. Citaaus Daui.
AT HOWE'S Picture tfallery
Daguerreotypes, Ambrotypes, Sphereotypea Fhoto
grapbs. Pictures made at this establishment are mounted
by the different paf enfed methoJs and are warranted to stand
the test of time and climate. BratUeboro, Yt.
SEWING SILK. Edward Bernard,
Wholesale Dealer In all grades and colors of
Thrae Corded Sewing, Embroidery and Saddlers' Bilk. Also
Twist and Italian Silk of all kinds.
X am constantly supplied with all the abore goods and will
furnish peddlers In any quantity at the loweitwholesale prices.
BratUeboro, Jan. 1,1859.
DENTISTRY. DR. POST has
left the old office formerly occupied by him and has
taken a room at tit house nearly opposite the Congregation
al Church, where he will hold himself in readiness to perform
any and all opera ions on tha natural tec lb.
BratUeboro, Jan. 1, 185.
s
P. FLAGG, Attorney at Law,
, OmceNo.ll West Main Street, WILMINGTON, VT.
TDUTLER &amp; KNOWLTON, Attorneys and
I I Counsellors at taw. Er Office two doors Wcst'of the
Bank, JAMAICA, VT.
J. E. Cutler. B. L. Knowlton.
A LEXANDER II. PIKE, Manufacturer of
L Jl. runup's patent Lerer rami ana uity uate ana uiotn
Boards and Boxes for Packing, and dealer In Lumber, Bills
of Timber, Clapboards, Shingles, Ac, manufactured and
furnished to order. 100.000 feet of Clapboards on hand.
Address West Wardaboro, Yt.
JAMES W. CARPENTER, Attorney and
Counsellor at Law and Solicitor In Chancery, Saxton'a
Klrer YUlare. Rockingham. Yt.
H
N. IIIX, Attorney and Counsellor
at Law and Solicitor In Chancery,
nmunuiiAu uk.nijik, YT.
"TXTM. S. HOUGHTON, Harness,
1 T Trunk and Valise Manufacturer, and Carriage Trim
mer, PUTNEY, VT.
? M. FORRES, Attorney
vuunsaiLoa It JUW 1HD NGT1RT ITBLtC,
WTSiritvaivH v rr
Also, Agent for tin Atlantis and Iloeklngham Mutual Fire
T E. WYLIE &amp; 00.,
tl WHOLESALE GROCERS
AMD-
COMMISSION JIEUCII ANTS,
H Kbost Stbeet KEW'.YOIIK
JouaE.Wrui, Lata Wylla Jk Brother,
GaoaoOV. Wtui, HEW-.11AVEN.
Olu B. Kisriu. J Lata with U.B. Sugar Bsnnery,
1 J NEW-YORK.
VOL. XXVI.
POETRY.,
From the Knickerbocker Magailne J
IIIOII THOUGH I'OOK.
I1V A. I), r. ItAXDOLPII.
No rood of land In nil tlio earth,
No alilpi upon tlio acn,
Nor treasures rare, nor gems, nor goM,
Do nny keep for met
A ycstenlnv I wrought for bread.
So must 1 toll to-dny
Yet some nro not so rich ns I,
Nor I so poor ns they.
On yonder tree Hie run-light full",
Tlio robin's on the bough,
Still I can hear n merrier noto
.Than ho Is wnrbling now
IIo's lint an Arnb of tlio sky,
And never llngcra long)
Hut that o'errutia tha livelong year
With muslo and with song.
Come, gnthcr round mc, Httlo ones,
Ami ns I sit mo down,
With shouts of laughter on me plnco
. mimic regal crown
Snv, childless King, would I accept
Your armies and domain.
Or e'en your cro n, and never feci
These tiny hands ngitln?
There's more of honor In their touch
And blessing unto me,
Thnn kingdom unto kingdom joined,
Or nnvlcs on the seal
So greater gifts to mo nro brought
llian Sheba's Ouccn did bring
To him, who at Jerusalem
Was Aorn to bo a King.
Look atnny crown nd then at yours;
I.ook In my heart nnd lliluoi
How do our jewels now compare
The earthly nnd divlno?
Hold up your diamonds to tho light,
Kmernld find ninelhyat (
They're nothing to thoo love-lit eyes,
'IhcsQ lips so often kissed I
Oh! noblest Roman of them nil,
That mother good nnd wise,
Who pointed to her llltlo ones,
Thejowe Is of her eyes.
Four spnrklo In my own to-day,
Two deck a sinless brow ;
How grow my riches at tho thought
Of thoso In glory now I
And yet no rood of nil the earth,
No ships upon tho sen,
No treasures rare, nor gold, nor gems
r Aro safely kept from mo t .
Yet I am rich myself n King!
And hero is my domain;
Which only Ced shall takeaway
To give mo back again !
MISCELLANY.
PROHIBITORY LIQUOR LAWS.
To the Editor of 27ie rcrmonf Phtrnix: In
your "issue of Feb. lL'th, '30, I find the report
of a committeo appointed at a meeting in Urat
tlcboro on the 1 1th of Jan. last, to take into
consideration the cause of Temperance in this
county, signed by J. Chandler, Chairman.
That the causo of temperance has received
aid to any great extent from those who would
he thought its greatest friends it .perhaps some
what questionable j they seem to have a great
desire to carry their principles of "Temperance
Reform," through the instrumentality of Penal
Enactments which the Legislature of Vermont
has passed with a view to meet their wishes
and desires, and yet with all Otis power they
are unable to check the speed of intemperance,
which in some measure they attribute to the
unwillingness of lliusc whose duty It Is o piua
ecute offences against the law. This reluctnncc,
no doubt, arises in part from a belief of the
"unconstitutionality of the law." Tho law le
galises the traffic by Towns w Inch it refuses to
individual citizens, and punishes with severity
as a crime what they practice themselves under
tho Act whicn gives to tnem the monopoly or
the trainc.
Tho net lcrralises the destruction of spirit in
tho hands ol an individual without remunera
tion, and also subjects Inm to fine and impris
onment for doing what they do themselves,
while at tho sarao time the constitution guaran
tees to all, liberty and property therefore, can
it be considered a matter of wonder or surprise
to any one that thoso conversant with the con
stitution should consider the law a iolation of
that Instrument.
There is a possibility .that the present "Tem
perance men, ns they call themselves, do not
understand tho feelings of the pcoplo of this
county with regard to their dictating to them
what they shall drink j .and if Jhc case is as they
state it, "that the use of spirit is on the in
crease," would it not be beneficial to the com
munity if they were to abandon n course which
they admit has proved so injurious to the cause
ol temperance.
Complaints arc also made against tho agents
of their own appointment for the sale of snirit
udus liquors. The act contemplates the sale for
necessary purposes, and of that necessity the
agent must be tho judge.
You seem now to havo arrived fit a point
where it is necessary or desirous to know what
you should do, or what can be done. I should
think it no hard question to answer if the case
is as you 6tato it, "tliBt the cause of intemper
ance is alarmingly on tho increase," is it not
reasonable to suppose that it arises from your
own co-crcivo measures to suppress it through
the instrumentality of penal nctswhiclf the Leg
islature of Vermont, in their wisdom, thought
firopcr to incorporate into our laws. We frce
y admit that you have come to one rational
conclusion, which is, that you aro not bound to
do what is impossible, neither arc you bound to
do what is Injurious to th6 causo of temperance ;
sjjut that you havo injured tho cause is very ap-
parent, lor you say every goou cuusu nua us
strength in tho affections of tho people which
you admit jours has lost. That you have been
tho instruments of doing any good to tho com
munity there may be serious doubts that you
have been the cause of evil cannot perhaps bo
denied.
We cannot avoid tho conclusion that you are
mistaken as to the independent diameter of the
freemen of this county, nnd that they now re
tain those feelings to enjoy what is forbidden,
as did their first parents in the garden of Eden.
You also quote a passage from Scripture w ith a
view to strengthen your position i but you for
got to mention tho miraclo of our Saviour at
the wedding in Cana of Galileo where Ho chang
ed water into wine, which, if tho declaration of
tho Governor of tho feast is to bo believed, was
of excellent quality. There nro also passages
in Scripture which enjoin it upon us to cat,
drink, and enjoy the good of our labors. Tho
trongth nf nvpry Bond cause no doubt rests in
the convictions of tho community on whom it
is to operate, and if the cause of temperance is
losing its friends, the inquiry should be why is
it? are we not involuntarily led to tho conclu
sion that it arises from tho course pursued by
its pretended friends.
That the cause has suffered from its connec
tion with political affairs through your instru
mentality, is probably too true, for if tho friends
of temperanco stand no chance for political pre
ferment whilo connected with you, your causo in
their opinion wo should concludo is of seconda
ry consideration, and that co-erclvo measures
have failed to continue them to support Your
views. You seem by your declarations to hold
out with good courage although your efforts
havo been ineffectual, and that you .do not fear
tho long-eared animal even iu the lion's sk'in.
You seem to charge the sustaining of the traffic
in spirit upon your opponents which is to tome
extent no doubt true, but that you havo greatly
assisted tho Increase i equally true, if tho
alarming increase of rum-holes, ns they nro
called, may be taken ns proof, since tho laws
with pains and penalties to aid you wcro enact
ed. Tho f.tct we think cannot bo doubted which
you state, that largo expenses are incurred by
prosecutions to pay lawyers, judges, &amp;c, for
services performed by tho cxlstcnco of the liq
uor laws, but why temperanco men should be
obliged to pay tho greater part of thoso expen
ses when they aro admitted to bo in tho minor
ity fa an assertion that may need proof, but if
true is it not just that such expenses and costs
should fall on those who made them P
'Would it not bo well for those who nro now
hating rccourso to co-ercivo measures with re
gard to temperance to seriously reflect upon tho
good they havo accomplished to reform an ad
mitted evil, and that trio threats of big guns, of
legal pains nnd penalties, will effect less tho
citizens nf this county than it will thoso who
utter them. F.
SPEECH OP HON. JACOB COLLAMEB,
AT TIIK RECENT FESTIVAL OF THE SONS 01' YEIl
MONT IN BOSTON.
Tito following sentiment
VtrmontA mod"! Commonwenllb. distinguished
for Intelligence and freedom, lovo of liberty nnd rc
rjioct for law; with a vitriotlni as pure ns her moun
tain freezes, and ft prosperity scoured, becnuso hers Is
tho thrift that docs not follow fawuli'g.
having been proposed, Hon. Jacob Collamcr
rose to respond, and was received with enthu
siastic cheering. He spoke ns follows:
.lfr. l'rtshtcnt nnd Oentlmntn : It is n great
gratification to me to have the opportunity of
meeting so many of my brethren not forgetting
our yunkco cousins; for I thiuk that thoso who
nrc sons of sister States must certainly be
cousins. (Laughter ami applause.) Hut I
cannot go on to make any remarks upon the
topics on -which I propose to speak without
making a little echo from memory to the stan
zas w Inch have just been read. I perceive they
were the production of our former Chief Jus
tice, Royal Tvler. (Applause). Now, there
nrc extant in the memory of Vermontcrs many
of tho productions of that man, and I will re
cite to you a couple of stanzas from n certain
ballad known as "The Vermont Worthies."
We had nt this time among oqr distinguished
men of the State, one by the name of Gideon
Olin, whose son is now the honored rcprcscnta
titc of the Troy District. N. Y in the Congress
of the United Mates. Wo had, also, Ira Allen,
Suneyor-Gcncral nnd State Treasurer, but ex
ceedingly dilatory in making up his occounts.
We had another distinguished man, Lewis R.
Murris, nnd another man in particular, who ul
timately became Governor of the State, Isaac
Tichcunr. These men were altogether on n
certain occasion to celebrate the election of Mr.
Morris ns Ilrigadicr General, nnd this produc
tion was brought forward. I will gitu you a
couple of stanzas :
Hrro'a to csgle-yed (Jideon,
Who ket' (lis eye steady oil
The public amount;
And hero' to our Treasurer,
And eke otir land measurer '
M.iy the Lord give hint leisure
lo close his account.
Here's lo our nobl Ilrigndier.
lly hem we're Invited here
To partake of this Ireat;
At.d here's lo friend Tichcnor,
Who has long been Itching for,
And this year la hitching for
The (Joveniort scuL
(Loud laughter and applause.)
I have always thought that the earliest fact
worthy of attention in relation to the develop
ment of Vqrmnnt was this t You recollect that
tho Centurion said to Paul, "Are you a Roman
citizen?" lam." "With a great sum ob
taincd l this freedom," said thu Centurion.
To which Paul replied, "I was free born, and
never was in subjection to any man." So Ver
mont was "free born ;" she never was a colony.
Other colonics, "with n great sum obtained
this liberty;" Vermont was free born j she
never w;as a colony, and she never was under n
territorial government j sho never was irr a
state of subjection to any government on earth.
They took their grounds from New Hamp
shire, and paid for them into the royal excheq
uer; and when it wns decided by act of Coun
cil, that they originally belonged' to New York,
Vermont cared very little nbout it ; but when
New York undertook to set up their title to the
land, and compel our people to pay for it a sec
ond time, they insisted that they had paid for it
once into tho royal oxchequer, and would not
pay for it again. Then commenced tho strug
gle of Ethan Allen nnd his associates, to which
the President has alluded.
Early in its history did tho love of indepen
dence acvclopo itself, and it stamped a charac
ter upon the Stato which I believe has descend
ed to the present generation nnd now marks its
character. Rut I regard Vermont as marked
with physical features which give character to
tho people. They havo done so tho world
over ; and in mentioning soma of these fea
tures, I mention those very things which con
stitute objections to tho State in tho eyes of
strangers anil the peoplo of other countries.
For instance, while wo aro sitting here, with
tho rain falling freely out of doors, a large part
of Vermont is covered with snow two feet deep,
and I believe there is a fair chance of their hav
ing the usual "six weeks sleighing in the month
of March." (Laughter.)
It is said, sir, that Vermont is a severe coun
try in point of climate. Perhaps, in some
measuro that is true. But the very- severity of
tho climate makes tho character of the people.
Havo freemen ever prospered and grown and
developed their manhood in tho tropics ? In a
country where a half acre of banana will feed
it hundred men a year, the people always live in
idleness; they aro always barbarians. There
may be, countries, to be sure, countries so ex
tremely'cold that men will sufler from that
causo but it is in the northern regions of the
temperate zone that mankind is more fully de
veloped. Thoso habits that grow out of the
necessity of man's condition, that care and pru
denco w hich is called out by tho necessity of n
prepaartion for tho corning winter, mould his
character and that of his children after him.
Tho very severity of the weather shutting out
men from their custqmary employment, causes
tliajn to flock around the hearth-stone, to enjoy
the comforts of that homo which their industry
and forethought had provided. There they
cherish tho moralities of home, thcro they fos
ter those domestic virtues which mark them as
a people. If you go among tho fastnesses of
Vermont, wherever you find smoke curling up
bluo from the chimney, you will find tho people,
with their children gathered around them, in
tha full enjoyment of -thoso fruits which their
own industry has won. They cannot find
nmuscmcnt in theatres and other places, of en
tertainment they cannot gather in crowds.
Hut they meet together in families about the
hearth-stone, and there thev converse, and ex
change thoughts with each other. Nor are
shut out from all communion with their friends,
for with their noblo Morgan horses they can
plow their way through tho snow from house to
house, or village to village. (Applause.) I
can only say of winter in the language of Cow
peri ''I crown you King of Intlmato delights,
Flresldo enjoyment, and home-born happiness.
And all the comforts which the lowly roof
Of uilalsturbod retirement and the joys
Which long uninterrupted evening knows."
But it is said Vermont is a hilly and moun
tainous country. This Is indeed true. Have
you never observed, that. In tho history of the
human race, a certain Independence of charac
ter has always marked the peoplo of tho moun
BllATTLEBORO, VT.:
tains? Were tho peoplo of Switzerland ever
subdued ? Were tli6 pcoplo of tho mountains
of Wales ever subdued, until they sent the
wueeii mere id ue ueiivurcti oi iter nrsi norn
son, and called him 'Prince of Wales,' when
they were subdued by affection? So it was with
tho people of the mountains of Caucasia, the
great home of our race? To this day thev aro
battling with tho Northern Hear, who, witli all
his power, has not been able to subdue them.
Tlio lovo of liberty has always burned bright
uiiiuiili iiiu iiiuuiiiuiuo , nun meru la noiueiillllg
so striking in this that my mind has often been
led to seek for the cause nf this !n tlin nnr. nnd
the reason why it is' lik'tly to continue so in the
itiiurc. iow, It n man was norn on the ocean,
and shut out, all His life from the sight of land,
ha ing nlwaj s the same visible, marked horizon,
without nny undulation, ho would havo no con
ception of identity of nlace nntl lornlitv. That
man could navcr have an) thing like a home.
mow, inc trutn is, tnai mo love ol homo con
stitutes ono of the great elements of what is
called patriotism. (Amdatisc.i
In its incipient stogo it commences with the
love of home. Such a man could have no home,
ami thcreforo no feeling of patriotism. So, too,
with tho man born and brought up on tho broad
pampas of South America, with notliinc to mark
his place of residence as distinct frnm any other
piace no woum mucn rcsemnie the man horn
and reared on tho ocean. But take a man born
and brought up among the mountains, and ho
has n distinctly market! visible horizon. Even-
hill-top is fumilar to him. As he goes out of
his house in the morning, o'ery hill sevms to
give him a nod of recognition " Good morning,
sir. .Move timl man n mile away, anil lm ho
rizon is changed; he is away from home; and
let him wander where ho will in life, t'le clear
conception of that, his early home, fortvtrr fol
lows him.
Hence it is( that the Swiss, though a people
of great fidelity, so much so as to be trusted ns
the Cody guard of foreign kings nnd prinecs,
when they heir one of the simple airs of their
natie hills, are seized with homesick ness, and
not even tho fear of death can restrain them
fiom returning lo their simple homo among the
Alps. The little Savoyard, who goes through
our streets with his organ and monkey, has the
same love for his nnlic mountains ; and it is so
with the Piedmontesc, and tho people of etery
other mountainous country ; they hat e the same
distinctly marked love f home. So it is with
the people of Vermont. Let one of her sons
come back to her from the sea, nnd the first lit
tie undulation of the Green Mountains thrills
every drop of blood in his veins. (Loud ap
plause.) This is the clement that makes the love of
country. However strange it may seem to
others, I think that every Vermontcr can re
spond to the sentiments of Goldsmith
" Dear are Iho homes to which our soul conforms,
And dear the hills which lilt us to the storms ;
And ns the ehlld, by searing forms distressed,
Clings clce and clcr to Its mother's brea.t,
So the loud tempest and its wintery roar,
Hut bind us to our dative mountains more."
OUGHT OUR ACADEMIES TO BE SUS
- TAINED?
Time was when good sen ice w as rendered by
our Academical Institution". Without them it
was impossible to educate a large class of our
young men. The Common Schools taught the
primary brandies, the Academics taught the
higher English, and the rudiments of Latin and
Greek ) nnd the Colleges Teceived those who
wished to obtaino a liberal education. For
the last ftlty years this has been the programme.
But is this arrangement essential ?
Prof. Hoardman of Middlebury College, in
his lecture before the Teacher's Association, at
Bellows Fnlls, said, in substance, "That the
men who are intending to fit for College.'' This
claim was based upon the hypothesis that our
Academies cannot be well sustained without
them. It was assumetl that those institutions
were to he sustained, or that our Colleges will
presently be wanting of students. We dissent
from this whole scheme. In olden time clergy
men used to receive young men into their fam
ilies and fit them for College. There was then
no better way. The academics were designed
to rcliev c them of that burden. The academies
have done a noble work. Besides fitting many
for College, they have educated n large and no
ble class of Teachers, of both kcxes, for the
Common School. Tho remit, is, that all our
children equally need the advantages of u thor
ough academical education,
In the days of )orc, our fathers anil mothers
who proposed to enter the ordinary walks of
business life, found themselves on an equal
footiug with their fellows if they could at ail
themselves of the advantages' of the common
school. Those da) s arc now passed, and the
scene is now changed. Wise men clearly fore
sec that whoever are to be tho business men, in
the next quarter of a century, will need to pos
sess a much more extended education than the
same class of men have been able to obtain the
past quarter of a century. They are therefore
wisely extending the advantages of their chil
dren, that they may be revdy to meet the exi
gencies of the coming age.
Iltitwith the present gradeof common schools,
the adv antages needed cannot he obtained there,
nnd the cost of educating a whole family nt n
distant boarding school or academy is utterly
impracticable. What, then, can bo done?
Either n man must send one of his sons to Col
lege, and content himself with n very limited
common school education for nil tho rest, or ho
must endeavor to persuade his townsmen to
grade their schools, and employ a teacher nt
home that can fit nil the scholars to enter Col
lege, or even conduct them, when desirable, in
some brnnches beyond that point. 'Hie major
part of our scholars in the Academy cannot bo
spared from homo long enough to acquire a
practical use of Algebra, and they never will
ncqtiiro it so long as it is only taught there.
And yet it is high time that our mechanics nnd
tradesmen, and farmers even, wero prepared to
transact their business mostly, if not wholly, by
Algebra. It is moro brief, and when as well
understood as Arithmetic, is vastly the most
convenient; because, being brief, it is less like
ly to admit of errors in calculation. A 'glance
of tho eye instantly detects any mistake in a
short process, whereas, in a long one, it might
escape notice
It is time the mechanical powers, tho strcngth
of materials, surveying, and civil engineering,
were better understood. Thoso aro branches
which I should suppose every tax-payer would
bo concerned to understand. But they need to
be taught in our common schools before tho
masses can acquire them. We also very much
need something in tho lino of History, Botany,
Geology, Ornithology, Entomology, if no moro
of tho natural sciences, together with some
method of Logic, and Rhetoric, as the intro
duction to a further cultivation of literature
among tho masses. Something in these branch
es mijjht bo dono for the present, by tho w ay of
familiar lectures. But they must bo introduced
into tho common schools.
I am aware that many who read these sug
gestions will snecringly call them Utopian
Schemes. But the day is not yet forgotten
when even tho common school, to cducato every
child to read, was called Utopian. Let mo now
ask in candor, docs not every business man, and
every intelligent woman, need a knowledge of
these branches ? How much moro will they be
needed in an ago to come, when all the arts and
sciences shall have been carried, in the popular
mind, to a much greater degree of perfection ?
Now to answer the inquiry with which we
began, let me say that our academies, which
have wrought so nobly for the passing age,
must be abandoned. They are too expensive
for the use of the masses, and yet they aro at
APRIL, 2, 1859.
best hut poorly sustained. Then we need tho
teachers now employed in them, nnd scores of
others, to tako chargo of our higher graded
schools. In every town wo need a College grad
uate to conduct these graded schools.
I was sorry to hear the remark of Prof.
Boardman, already referred to. I believe it
was n bio in tho wrong direction, although it
seemed to take liko a charm among the teach
ers of academies; nnd it has since been endors
cd in somo of their catalogues. If our graded
school system wcro pushed on vigorously by
our College Professors and Teachers of Acade
mies, and others interested, if wo can under
stand each other, and unite our efforts, we shall
give employ to many moro teachers of tho high
cat order, nnd they will receive better pay, be
cause the demand will far exceed tho supply.
Tho dcmantl docs now exceed tho supply, nnd
we cannot nt prcsscnt adopt tho scheme propos
ed, bccaiiso adequato teachers aro not to bo
found. The profession of teaching is destined
soon to exceed nil other professions, in honor,
nnd influcnce, and emoluments. The legal pro
fession to somo extent is sought as n stepping
stone to office. The medical profession is lu
crative, because, cost what it may, we must be
cured. But teachsts do not strive in tho right
direction to make their services neci-ssauy.
In tlic first place, our Colleges should throw
their influence abroad ns far as possible in their
favor. Let our Presidents and Professors deign
to go out among tho people for knowledge. In
thu ago to come they will receive their reward.
Secondly, the teachers should bo abundantly
qualified lor their work, and then seek a place
in tho graded school, that shall not depend up
on the number of tuitions for support, but upon
a tax raised on tho grand list. Let him then
make his employers feel that his presence is
necessary to their highest interest It it be
proved that the graded school in every town is
the only thing that can qualify tho men for the
coming age. Then let the men of other pro
fessions bo invited to aid tho Common School
Association, nntl even to take tho stump to
use a congressional phrase for the promotion
of this grand enterprise.
Let us, to the extcut of our ability, labor
unitedly to exalt the common schools, by man
ning them with competent, well-paid teachers,
nnd the common schools will in turn promote
the prosperity of tho College, nnd the learned
professions. The glory of all the learned pro
fessions, and the strength of all our Colleges,
nrc based in the intelligent and generally felt
necil of them. Quacks are never cmploved by
men of learning. They pamper only to the ig
norant. A united nnd general effort is now
needed to convince every man by a practical de
monstration, that science is subsidiary to every
interest, and that science to a much greater ex
tent than is now generally known, is attainable
by every man. A much higher degree of gen
eral intelligence is n desideratum. It is only to
be reached through the common school. When
such a foundation is substantially laid, moro
learned teachers will be demanded, learned phy
sicians will bo called to treat us when sick,
learned preachers will stand in the sacred desk,
learned lawvers will plead at the bar, learned
statesmen will preside over the nation's weal;
in a word, all the thousand streams from hilltop
anil valley will conspire to swell the great Mis
sissippi of learning, and roll on with mighty
force toward the magnificent Mexico of knowl
edge. N. Clark.
ANONYMOUS LETTERS.
Below arc a few extracts from onarticlc which
lately appeared in tho Independent. Wc believe
that the person w ho w ould write nn anonymous
letter for tho purpose of injuring tho feelings or
reputation of another is both a knac and a cow
ard, and that his statements aro not worthy of
credit. No one hav ing the slightest pretension
to the character of a gentleman would be guilty
of thus doing. It is only the ignorant, the dis
honest, the mean, or the wicked, who engage in
anonymous letter-writing. We trust that our
readers burn, as w e invariably do, without read
ing, all anonymous letters.
" There arc many wrong things which persons
do from want of reflection, or from lack of ex
perience ; and writing anonymous letters is one
of them. A s a general rule, it is safe to say that
no person should address to another any mes
sage, which he is unwilling to put his namu to.
" The only cases in w Inch tho name is of little
importance nrc those in which there can be no
objection toils use. If one is compiling a book,
or engaged in some known literary work, ono
may semi him materials, orrcferenccs, or hints
of facta and booksanonymously. But what earth
ly reason has the informant for withholding his
name?
"A person writes about a third. party unfa
vorablv, and the moment that we get the drift
of the letter, wo look to see if thcro is a respon
sible name. If there be none, wc pitch the letter
into tho fire, and fear that the w riter will follow,
in due time, unless he repents of tho ineffable
meanness of writing evil of a fellow-creature, and
hiding his name. 27i'. h an attempt at assas-
xintitutn, A mat, that will, I,- mioiijtiiwus Isiwis,
injure another, would commit any crime to which
liis naturo addicted him, provided thcro was a
motive, and impunity.
" We disdain to consider the enso of those mis
creants who seek to make mischief in families, in
neighborhoods, or betw een friends, by anony
mous information, whether true or false. A man
who wider cover of darkness icould stab another's
name or hopes, is ait oiri( child of the devil, and
is about his master's business tetth an infernal
fidelity.
" If you w ish to w arn a person of danger, or
apprise him of any evil, go to him, or go to some
friend who will, or write with your signature.
But if you will not do that, do nothing. If you
aro unwilling to bear fur another tho risks of
writing your name, you aro not friend enough
to entitle you to meddle with his affairs at all.
" A man's mime is meant to bo a safeguard.
Where a man is known ho is silently restrained
from a thousand incidental temptations which
would assail him if he wero consciously unknown,
A man's name on paper is the representative of
his person. It,will tto a strong inducement to
circ, honor, truth, and propriety. The want of
a name to a letter is a presumptive evidence that
a man has been doing something of which he is
nshamed. And all honest men ought to make
it a rule to burn up, w ithont reading, anonymous
communications. This is our rule. It is only
now nnd then that wo begin to read without
knowing that tho letter is nameless. But, usu
ally, a letter without tt signature goes in an in
stant into the fire, or into strips for tho wind to
play with."
SCANDAL-MONGERS.
The Boston Herald in noticing tho recent
chargo of Judge Thomas, then of the Supremo
Court of Massachusetts, in a slander case,
speaks thus truthfully of one of tho greatest
and most common vices of tho present day:
Scandal is a sweet morsel; mischievous gos
sip is an appetizing relish to most every social
circle. How strange it is wo are so prone to
speak evil of our associate and intimate friends,
when in our own hearts wo know how rhuch
batter it is to do-good and not evil ; to speak
pleasant things concerning our fellow men than
it is to use traducing language. But men, and
women too, seem to feel and to act upon tho
feeling that, when they hear of one among their
friends who has fallen from praise to reproach,
or whose virtue has made a slip, it is their
bounden duty to explain tho affair with provok
ing particularity to all their acquaintances. If
a black snot has been discovered upon the rep
utation of n yery dear friend, in nn instant, in
No. 13.
tho twinkling of an eye, ns it were, a life-long
record of kindly chanties, of domestic nnd so
cial virtues, and warm-hearted actions is blotted
out and tho ono black spot, not so big ns a
man's hand, becomes magnified to observers
into nn overshadowing cloud. Tho inquiry is
never made, is this report true? but it is calcu
lated without n knowledge of the truth, with no
foundation in truth, with tho celerity that the
poison from n cobra is circulated through tho
system. It is not tho truth a scandal-monger
wants, it is tho scandal.
The lovo of scandal is a monster evil of civ
ilization. You will not find it among tho chil
dren of nature. But in civilized life, you may
go into what circles of society you please and
you will find it flourishing as rank as a weed
upon a hot-bed. It is nn appctito that is ac
quired, for wo would not do our human nature
so much injustice ns to hold that scandal loving
Is of a natural growth. Like all acquired hab
its it fa hard to bo eradicated. It is a stimulant
to social life, as pickles nro to a dinner, or mus
tard to cold corned beef. Accustom your pal
ate to them and if they ore not served up, the
food is insipid. Unhappily the smaller a com
munity is, the more scandal flourishes. It is
for this reason that scandal is moro noticeable
in villages and in compact town than in large
cities ; it is for this reason, too, that it is more
prominent in coteries and select classes, which,
being bound up in their own little ' affairs, are
apt to seize with avidity upon any littlo circum
stance happening among themselves, which w ill
give pungency to their small talk.
The worst feature in the progress of scandal
is, that while it grows as it circulates, just ns
the snow-ball increases tho longer it is rolled,
vet those whom it most concerns aro the Inst to
hear of it. Hence it not unfrcqucntly happens
that parties against whom abominable scandals
have been circulated, meet the parties who have
circulated them, gossip over other kcandnls
which arc in vogue against absentees and de
part utterly unconscious that their own names
havo been as freely used as they themselves
have used other names. This discloses the in-
-nl.l.. ... ..
unuuty mean icaiurcsoi scanuai; us cowardice;
its want of moral courage ; its cordiality to its
victim while it is seeking to plant a stab under
the fifth rib. Scandal is the destroyer of confi
dence, nnd scandal-mongers can place no reli
ance in one another. Bcsitles, they who love
it, voluntarily reduce themselves to become
spies and informers and petty inquisitors Into
the life nnd conversation of their associates.
"My soul, come not thou into their secrets; un
to their assembly, mine honor, be not thou
united."
But a new commandment hath been given
unto the lovers of scandal which they will do
well to give heed to and obey, lest, peradven
ture, the penalties of the law lay hold of them
and they find themselves mulcted of money
they can ill spare for the gratification of a mean
habit. It hath b-en declared by the Supreme
Court of Massachusetts that no man, or woman
either may repeat scandal and be held blame
less. Tho priqciplc of this decision is the same
that is cxprcsscil in the legal proposition "a re
ccier is as bad as a thief." It was left for
Judge Thomas to decide authoritatively that,
when a woman repeats a slander, having no
other defence than that sho repeated only what
was currently reported, she is as guilty ns
though she originated the report, nay, more
guilty, because, by tho reiteration, sho 'gave it
its power of mischief. Judge Thomas' lan
guage is :
It is no answer, in any forum, to say that she
only reported tho story as she heard it. If the
story was false and slanderous, she must repeat
It at her peril. There is safety in no other rule.
Often the origin of a slander cannot be traced.
He who gives it circulation gies it its power of
mischief. It is the successive repetition that
does the work. A falsehood often repeated,
gets to oc oeiicvcd. a man cannoi say mere
is a story in circulation that A. poisoned his
wife, or B. picked C.'s pocket, and relate the
story, and w hen called upon to answer, say,
"There was such a report in circulation ; I but
reported what I heard, and had no design to
circulate or confirm it;" for two very plain rea
sons that the repetition of the story must, in
tho nature of things, give it currency; and the
repetition without the expression of disbelief,
will confirm it. The danger is nn obvious one,
and long since pointed out; nnd it is, that bad
men may give currency to slanderous reports,
nnd then find in thai currency their own protec
tion from the just consequences of a repeti
tion." 1
SOME MORE OF THEM 'ERE BEANS.
A legislative assembly, gathered as it is from
all quarters and from every profession, must nec
essarily include all varieties of character, some
of a most amusing kind.
During tha lost session, tho town of taw
fit to elect a sturdy farmer, whom the love of
travel had never led out of the precincts of bis
native county, to tho onerous post of "Member
of the General Court of Massachusetts."
Arri ed in Boston, our friend being somewhat
hungry, and desirous of taking something sub
sinifiiai tur tne siumui-ii snasP, iuuuu lifa nay
into one of the principal eating houses, just at
the dinner hour.
Ho sat down to dinner, and being requested
by the waiter to sclcct-froni the bill of faro what
dish he chose, expressed a desire for somo baked
beans.
ThiS was brought him ; and, from the gusto
with which it was eaten, evidently suited our
representative. The plate was cleared in an in
credibly short space of time, and tho attentive
waiter was at his side.
" What will you have next?"
Tho bill of fare wns consulted, nnd the guest
announced his decision :
" I reckon I'll have a fete more of them 'ere
beans."
Tho scccond installment was not long in dis
appearing. Again the question was proposed :
"What elso will you take?''
"You may bring mo aeio more of them 'ere
beansj"
The waiter turned away to conceal n smile,
but did as he was ordered. Ho kept an eye on
the new-fledged Representative ; and, by tho
timo his third plate was dispatched, was by his
side with tho old question : "
"Of course," thought he, "he'll want some
thing else this time."
"What dish shall I bring you, sir?"
The Representative took up tho Jjill of fare
nnd followed its various items with his finger,
till he camo to tho end a process which occupi
ed some ten minutes. lie was apparently puz
zled but in a moment bis face lighted up, and ho
said:
"I don't care if I take a few more beans !"
They were brought, and we need not say, went
the way of their predecessors.
" Perhaps, sir, said tho w aiter, as he took
away tho empty plate, "you would like somo kind
of pudding ? Wo have all kinds."
I don't know," was tho hesitating reply.
"Havo you got any more of them 'ere oeansi"
"Yes, sir."
"Then I cuess you may brintr mo a fete more
to finish up icith ! I don't want nny pudding."
ror everyday oi.tne season our country llep-
rescntative patronized his favorito dish' When,
at length, his services wcro dispensed with, and
ho returned to his constituents, he was asked
how he liked stopping in Boston.
"Boston is a great place," he exclaimed with
enthusiasm "Boston ts a great place for baked
beans!"
Remedy fou Fits. If you are subiect to
these distressing attacks, buy your clothes at a
slop shop, and you will never have a fit afterwards.
TERMS FOR ADVERTISING,
Ton one square of Ulln'i or less nonpareil type, (thesmal
lest rise ural,) three Insertions f.1 1 foreachaubstquentln.
sertlon-0 cents. The number otlnserllons must be msrkrd
on alladTcrtlsemfnlsorthey will be continued untllordered
out. Contracts win he made with advertisers by the col.
?Jl..0H."".'',?4l,'y.t!""!"!or'"lb"lrates. Transient
advertising to be paid In ad ranee,
Foa all Probata adrerUeeraente, excepting notices of appilca.
V?"ol f.' M.u,' l""1 ,or Commissioner J notices,
tl.SO each for three Insertions.
For notlocsof Liberations, Estrayr, Iht formation and dlsao
lntloti of Copartnerships, Ae, $1.00 Mt, for ,hrM )o(cr.
Hons, if sent by mall the Money must accompany tha
order.
For Pustness Cards In the first eolnmn from $3.00 to tS 00
wr year according to llie space they occupy.
A SPREAD-EAGLE SPEECH.
In tho Missouri Legislature, recently, a reso
lution was offered to print a quantity of hand
bills in relation to n demonstration in honor of
tho Anniversary of tho Battle of New Orleans.
A motion was made to lay it on tho tabic, when
its author, Mr. Pitt rushed to tho rescue, with
the following overpowering speech which, as
may be imagined, resulted in its adoption!
Mr. Speaker, this house passed resolutions,
sir, to celebrate, in nn appropriate manner, the
8th of January. Thls is n resolution simply
asking that notice be given to tho public of that
day. Wo have declared an intention, and now,
when we come to publish it, somo gentleman it
suddenly seized with tho "retrenchment gripes,"
and squirms around like a long red worm on n
pin-hook. Laughter. Gentlemen kctp Con
tinually talking about economy. I, myself, do
not bclicvo in tying the public purse with cob
web strings ; but when retrenchment comes in
contact with patriotism, it assumes tho form of
"smallness." Such economy is like that of old
Skinflint, who had a pair of boots made for his
littlo boy, without soles, that they might last
the longer, f Laughter. I reverence the "day
we celebrate." It is fraught with reminiscences
the most stirring brings to mind ono of the
greatest events ever recorded, in letters of liv
ing fire, upon the Templo of Fame, by the
strong right arm of tho God of War.
On such occasions wc should rise above par
ty lines nnd political distinctions. I never
fought under the banner sif Old Hickory; but,
"by tho Eternal," I wish I had. Laughter
and applause. If the old war-horse was hero
now, he woultl not know his own children from
the side of Joseph's coat of many colors
Whigs, Know Nothings, Democrats, hard, soft
boiled, scrambled and fried, Lincolnitcs, Doug
lasites and blatherskites 1 I believe in n3 par
ty ; I am free, unbridled, unsaddled in the po
litical pastures. Like a bob-tailed bull in fly
time, I charge around in the high grass and
fight my own flies. Great laughter. Gen
tlemen, let us show our liberality on patriotic
occasions. Why, some men have no more
patriotism than you could snuff in the eye of a
knitting needle. Let us not squeeze five cents
till the eagle on it squeals like a locomotive or
an old maid. Let us print the bills and inform
the country that we are as full of patriotism as
aro Illinois swamps of tadpoles. Laughter.
I don't believe in doing things by halves. Per
mit me, Mr. Speaker, to make a quotation from
one of our noblest authors :
"I Ioto to see Uie grass among the red May roscst
1 lore to see the old gray horse, for when he goes he gotlti ."
Tun I'amily of Rev. Dn Lyman BnEcunrt.
The children of the venerable Dr. L) man Becch
cr residing in different parts of the country,
came together during the early part of this week,
at the house of Rov Henry Vvnrd Bcccher in
Brooklyn, for a family reunion and visit to their
father, who has now reached the "eighty-fourth
year of his age. All the children were present
except James, who is now in China, engaged as
Chaplain to the seamen at Hong Kong. Their
names, in the order of their ages, nrc as follows:
Miss Catherine Beecher of Hartford; Rev.
Wm. HenrvBecchcr of North Brookficld,Mass.;
Rev. Dr. Edward Beecher of Galesburg, 111.;
Mrs. Mary F. Perkins of Hartford, Ct-j Mrs.
Harriet Beecher Stoweof Andovcr, Mass.; Itev.
Henry Ward Beecher of Brooklyn; Rev. Chas.
Beecher of Georgetown, Mass.;" Mrs. Isabella
Hookerof Hartford, Ct.; Rev.ThomasK.Beech
cher of Elmira, N. Y. The absent son, Rev.
James C. Beecher, is thcyoungest of the children.
So large a family gathering occuring at a period
after the youngest has reached tho prirao of life,
the original circle at the same time remaining
so unbroken, is seldom witnessed in anv family,
nnd is hardly likely to be witnessed again in this.
The health of Dr. Beecher is still good, nnd ho
bears with cheerful spirits the weight of his
more than fourscore years. Tndepcntlent.
The two sailobs. Captain Jones relates a
"good story" of the conduct of two of tho
Naval Brigade, on sentry duty at Allahabad :
" One who was on sentry on the main works of
the fort by moonlight, looking over the parapet,
sawanother-who wns sentry on the ravelin, or
some outwork. Now Jack, thought he could
tell the head from the stern of a ship, and per
haps of a horse, had not passed a competitive
examination before his admission into tne ser
vice, and no doubt his education in fortification
and engineering had been sadly neglected, and,
therefore, he was not aware that the outwork
was not part of tho fortification which he was sn
vigilantly guarding, and seeing a man walk up
and down outside of what ho considered the fort,
and, of course, his head being full of spies, lur
king Sepoys, etc., challenged him. Tho sentry
on the outer work, not imagining that it was he
who was the subject of his messmate's anxious
inquiries, held his peace, upon which Jock in tho
fort let drh o nt Jack on the outwork. The out
work Jack, a littlo taken aback by the musket
hall whizzing near his head, sung'out, 'Halloo!
that's your game, is it, my buck! Here's let
iicVSi"! J'2S' J.len' an immediately returned
tho guard-house, all that passed between them
was, ' Well, I'm blowed, Jack; but we are mor
tal bad Bhots, wo are.'" Literary Gazette.
Tin: Opinion as is an OriMON. "Brother
Spurgeon," wc see by tho papers, declines vis
iting America. If he wishes to retain his pop
ularity ho had better stay at home. Spurgeon
may be a very good preacher for plain work ;
liko the drummer down in "Newborn, North
Carolina, "he can music n company along pret
ty well where the road is straight, but when he
comes to a corner he aint nowhar." Any New
York sensation clergyman can give him tho lead
and inside track, and then overhaul him before
tho quarter-stretch is reached. Wo calculate if
Beecher or Chcct cr were well fed and groomed,
(MM brought on tho course in first-rate condi
tion, they would so far distance Spurgeon that
the judges would rule him off' the course, as
having neither wind or bottom to contend
against our fast pulpit nags. Spirit of the
Times.
Advice fob the Simple. When you are
offered a great bargain, the value of which you
know nothing about, but which you aro to get
at half price, 'being you' don't you do it.
When n young lady catches you alone, lays
violent hands on you, expressing 'kiss' in every
glance don't you do it.
When a horse kicks you, and you feel a
strong disposition to kick tho horso in return
don't you do it.
If on odd occasions your wife Bhould exclaim
to you, 'now tumble over the cradle and break
your neck, do I' don't you do it.
When you have nny business to transact with
n modern financier, and he asks you to go and
dine with him don't you do it.
Studying Latin. We havo heard of a far
mer whoso son had for a long time been osten
sibly studying Latin in a popular academy. Tho
farmer not being perfectly satisfied with the
course and the conduct of tne young hopeful, re
called him from school, and placing him by tho
side of n cart, ono day, thus addressed him:
"Now, Joseph, here is a fork, and thcro is a heap
of manuro and a cart what do you coll them in
Latin?" "Forkibus, cartibus et manuribus,"
said Joseph. " Well, now," said the old man,
"If you don't take that forkibus pretty qulcka
hus, and pitch that manuribus into that cartibus,
I'll break your laz v bockabus." Joseph went to
workibus forthwithabus.
An object of "interest;" A girl whose income
is three thousand dollars a year.